Archive-name: 3plus/3sumfun.txt
Archive-author: Doc Holiday
Archive-title: Three's Definitely not a Crowd


I woke up at my usual time, with a dick harder than chinese
arithmetic.  I went to the bathroom hoping that that was all it
was, but of course after I finished it was still there,pointing
the way, forward,attack,and all other sorts of things that came
to mind. But being between lady friends I was left with only one
course of action, and remembering an old motto "Never waste a
good hard-on" I laid across the bed and proceed to jack-off. 
After about maybe  five minutes of good diligent hammer pumping
I was real close to finishing the problem once and for today, or
just maybe the morning, but just about there I heard one hell of
a racket coming from the patio across the way from mine, and
bang soft as a noodle. I got up and wondered to the sliding door
that led to my patio, forgetting for a moment that I was naked,
to see what or who was causing the commotion.

Across the way was a little blonde in a two piece swim suit that
left very little to the imagination, beating the shit out of her
sliding door. I walked into the door to get a better look at
that ass, wow, shaped like a heart and all of a sudden my
problem was back again.  Remembering my condition of undress I
pulled the drape in front of me and cracked the door to see if I
could hear just what she was saying. "you
mother-fucking-cocksucking piece of shit door" she was chanting
as she beat on the door with her fists.

"Ahhem" I tried to get her attention to no avail she just kept
kicking and cursing the door.  You having a problem I yelled
just as she stoped beating and cussing.

"Huh" she said as she wheeled quite startled and looking to see
where the voice had come from. "Who said that" "I did " this
time opening my door just a little more. "Oh" 

I didn't think any one was here but me and that's why I was so
upset I locked my self out. "Can I use your phone to call the
office to get another key?" she said as she walked toward my
door.   As she got closer I remembered I don't have a stitch of
clothing on. Now what? I could slam the door and run, I could
just stand there wrapped in the curtain or I could show her what
a real pervert is all about.  "Stop or wait a minute" I
stammered. as I did she stoped short and her tits bounced almost
out of her top. "Whats the matter" she questioned? "I don"t have
anything on" "So what" she said matter of factually "you don't
have any thing I have never seen before".  And she walked in I
said at least get me my robe from the bedroom. "Ok" she said as
she went into my room. Its on the chair I yelled "I see it" she
yelled back and returned to the room and tossed it to me. I
grabbed it and slipped it on and dropped the drape. "I liked the
drape better as she picked up the phone and dialed the office.

"Shit" came from the kitchen where the phone in all of these
units is located. "Whats the matter?" I asked."Nobody is
answering at the office." Well I said it is a holiday and it is
after 12:00 and that's about the time they usually split on
saturdays and holidays" "Yea I know but I was hoping that maybe
someone was still there,SHIT" now what?  "I could see if I can
get in,if you give me a few minutes to get dressed." I stated
not very reassuringly.

"Piss on it, OH by the way I'm Carol"  "Hi I'm Barry, your new
here arn't you?" "Yes I just finished moving in on thursday and
was really looking forward to catching some rays today with
absolutely nothing to do but bake my ass."

"Nice ass to bake" I thought out-loud. Thanks she said almost
materafactely.  "What the fuck am I going to do?" she said more
as a statement than a question. "Have you eaten yet?" No she
replied "Good let me get dressed and I'll fix some of my world
famous eggs benedict, ok" "Ok to the eggs but don"t bother to
get dressed on my account I like a man to run around in a robe
on his day off." "Ok but I think I better put something on under
this anyway." "If I hadn't come over what would you have been
doing right now?" "You don't want to know it's not a pretty site
or rather thought."  "Let me guess" she said almost teasingly.
"Ok, but I doubt that you will be correct, I said knowing that
even if she was I wouldn't admit what I was doing when she
interrupted me.

"Lets see" she said striking a mystic type pose"I see a darkened
room and why I see a guy pounding his meat and wow it's a nice
cock just the kind I like to suck." she said with a very sly
grin, on her face as she reached over and grabbed my cock.
"Wa,ah, How did you know and just what the fuck are you doing?"

"I want to finish what I interrupted,Silly I was watching you
through the window and I thought that that was to good a hard on
to waist on Mary Palm and her five sisters, so  that's why I
started banging on the door, hoping that I would get your
attention and that I wasen't to late to get some of that super
hard cock you were trying to strangle." While she was talking I
was getting hard as a rock and she didn't help matters because
as she talked she had undone the top to her swim suit and now I
was looking at the nicest set of tits I have seen in a long
time. "Like em ?" You can play with them if you like and as she
said that she thrust her jugs into my face and I grabbed one
nipple between my lips and began to suck "Oh fuck that feels
great" she moaned as she reached under my robe and stroked my
rock hard cock."And so does that." I moaned.  She dropped to her
knees and took my cock in her lips and applied a little suction
to the head, as she moved her head in an up and down motion.

"You better stop that unless you want a mouthful" I grunted as I
felt the cum starting to build up in the rear of my balls, ready
to splash into her mouth. She removed her mouth and stood up
looking me in the eye removed the rest of her swim suit to
reveal the bushiest cunt that I have ever seen! As I stood there
and starred she rubbed and stroked her already wet slit and
fingered her engorged clit.  "Let"s go into the bedroom" I
grunted as she continued to fingerfuck her cunt. "Ok" she sighed
And followed me into the room.

In the bedroom she laid across the bed with her legs spread and
her pussy winking at me as she continued to rub and play with it
ever so often letting her finger dip into her cunt and letting
out a little moan as she hit her G spot ether on the in or out
stroke.  I dropped my robe and joined her on the bed, my cock by
now was at the point of no return and there was a little dollop
of pre-cum glowing on the tip.  She looked at my cock and
quickly took it between her lips and slurped the droplet with
her tongue and made a face while saying how good it tasted.

I made a dive for her cunt and buried my face in her pussy until
I thought she was going to take my entire head into her slit
which was moist an very tasty as I grabbed her clit between my
teeth and nibbled gently as she arched her back and let out a
scream as my mouth was filled with her cunt juice as she came
like a waterfall.  "Oh shit!! put your cock in me now I need to
feel it I need fucked and fucked hard". I of course was ready to
respond and I slowly entered her juicy cunt with just the tip of
my cock slowly until just the head was buried up to the ridge. 

"Oh you motherfucker she moaned give me the whole thing I want
to feel you hit bottom."  I slowly drew my cock out until I felt
the lips of her cunt start to grip the end of my cock, then I
pushed it back in till I felt the same lips grip the ridge of my
cock.  "Please don"t tease me" she said almost crying in exstacy,
"Put your cock the whole way in."  I continued to do the slow
fuck with just the head of my cock until I felt her start to
cum, then I plunged the entire length of my cock in to her super
hot pussy, as I did several things happened, she came and it
felt as though I had put my cock into a vice as she clamped down
hard with her pussy muscles and I hit bottom, something I had
only done one time before with a different woman, a long time
ago. I continued to pump her and noticed something real strange
her cunt seemed to get deeper and tighter, then I realized that
I had entered her uterus and was for the first time having a
true deep fuck, something that I had only read about and thought
my cock was too short to pull off.  She continued to moan and
thrust her hips as I pumped her twat in a slow steady movement.
"Don't cum inside me she squealed I want to taste it ,cum in my
mouth, pleasssee."  I didn't know if I could hold it long enough
to get out of her cunt and into her mouth,but,I was going to
try. I slowly exited her cunt and rolled on my back, beside her
on the bed, my cock was pointing toward the roof and I felt that
if a fly flew past I would shoot cum to the moon. I raised to my
knees and let my balls rest between her tits and the head of my
cock brushed her waiting lips which opened to receive my swollen
cock.        

She raised her head and took my cock into her mouth and applied
suction to it an I felt her throat start to give the head that
swallowing feeling, she was deep-throating my cock, granted it's
not that long but by now her nose was buried in my pubic hair
and my cock was down her throat, and she continued to suck for
all she was worth.  I felt as though my balls were going to
blow-up. I told her that I was going to cum, and she only sucked
harder and faster. When I did let go I thought that that I would
never stop I came like I never have before I shot and shot until
I noticed cum seeping out the corners of her mouth and running
down on to my balls.  She never missed a drop and still
swallowed greedily until I stoped cumming and let out a sigh of
pleasure.  She rose to one elbow and let my cock slip out from
between her lips.  As she did a drop of cum glistened on her
lips and fell to my stomach, which she quickly licked up.


As I laid there spent she showed that this was going to be a
long afternoon.  Before I knew it she was busily licking my cock
and balls clean of every drop of cum in sight.  She laid back an
looked me in the eye and said "Damn that was good, but we're not
done yet, unless you want to stop" What could I say "No I can
last as long as you can but it will take me slightly longer to
come back."  "No problem I can amuse myself and you too" she
smiled and I wondered just what the fuck she had in mind.      
We laid there for several minutes and I was just enjoying the
after glow of good sex, when I felt her moving on the bed and
then I felt her hair brushing my leg as she dropped between my
legs and started to lick my balls and push my sack in and out
with her tongue, as she did this she pushed my legs back and her
tongue dropped to my ass hole and I felt her tongue toying with
my sphincter as she tried to push the tip in.  

"Oh christ I never had a woman tongue my ass before" I moaned as
she continued to tongue fuck my ass hole. She looked up at me
and suggested that we take a shower to recharge our batteries an
so she could show me something else that she liked.  We got up
and walked toward the bathroom I looked at her and said "I have
to use the facilities first" "You going to piss?" Carol asked in
a strange sort of way. "Yea, why" I replied "Don't just hold it
until we're in the shower I love to see a man taking a piss" she
replied. "Ok" I replied what ever  turns you on.        

Carol fussed with the water controls as I sat on the toilet and
looked at her cunt and ass hole winking at me. "Ah, just right"
she cooed and stepped into the tub, "come on in and join me." I
stepped into the shower and felt the warm water splash over my
chest and run down my cock and balls, "Boy, that almost feels as
good as sex," I laughed and reached for the soap and was stoped
in mid reach by Carol as she said "Let me" and took the soap and
worked a lather between her hands and started to soap up my
chest and then started to work lower, by now I had a combination
piss and sex hard-on and Carol was soaping it up for all she was
worth. "I got to piss," I said through half open lips as she
continued to rub and lather my cock and balls.  "Ok," Carol said
"let it go, I'll aim." She giggled as she took a firm hold of my
cock and I felt the piss start to flow from my bladder. Suddenly
Carol dropped to her knees in front of me and directed the
golden stream over her tits and onto her face and open mouth,
letting the piss fill up her mouth and run down her chin and on
to her tits. She then squeezed my cock and cut of the stream,
now you all know what that feels like I thought that I was going
to explode. "Carol, Holy Hell that feels like I'm going to
explode." She didn't say a word, she just squatted in such a way
that her cunt was pointing toward me an she let go of the
pressure on my cock and the piss started to flow right on and
into her cunt hole and pussy hair. I don't think I have ever
taken a longer piss but the longer I pissed the more she moaned
and seemed to cum over and over again.  When it slowed to a
dribble she took my cock into her mouth and swallowed the last
drops of piss that flowed from my bladder.  "I love golden
showers almost as much as I love to fuck" Carol said in an
almost apologetic sounding voice. "Hey, like I said what ever
turns you on." "Have you ever seen a pussy pissing?"she asked

"No, why?" I asked in a questioning sort of way. "Well I gota
piss and well here it comes" she no sooner finished that
statement and I felt a warm stream of fluid hit my leg I looked
down and watched as she pulled her pussy open to give me a good
look at her pussy pouring piss out in a stream that any man
would be proud of.  We then soaped each other up and payed close
attention to the special parts that we each enjoyed to lather
and wash.      

After letting the hot water run cold we decided it was time to
get out of the shower and dry off. I had some of those big
fluffy bath sheets and I got two out for us.  Carol took the
towel and draped it around her shoulders and too the other one
and started to dry me off, as she did she knelt in front of me
to dry my legs and took my cock into her mouth and sucked me
hard as she dried me off. Thinking turn about was only fair I
took her towel and proceeded to dry her off when I got to her
tits I took each nipple in turn into my mouth and gave each one
a little suck as I dried her stomach and started to go lower
toward her pussy. To dry her legs I knelt at her feet and
started to dry the back of her legs as I did I drew her cunt
closer to me and plunged my tongue into her waiting hole. She
climaxed almost the instant my tongue brushed her clit, and
pussy juice flowed into my mouth and dribbled down my chin.
"Boy, you're a sloppy eater."she giggled as she licked the
juices from my chin, "I almost taste as good as you." I knelt
back down and turned her around to dry her back as I did her ass
cheeks brushed my face and I couldn't resist the cheek to cheek
reference, which was met with a groan. I proceeded to dry her
back and legs and as I did I stuck my tongue up her ass hole
which caused a wiggle and squeal as I continued to dry her legs
and tongue fuck her ass hole.        

We continued to play and grab and tease until we both deceived
that we were hungry I offered to fix something to eat, Carol
made a crack about having all she need to eat right here as she
squeezed my cock and fondled my balls. I said food and she
pouted and said "Oh" "What do you feel like eating" I asked
"Pizza" she replied "Ok" I call Pizza Hut and have them deliver
one. Wrapped in bath sheets we went into the living room and I
turned on the tube and we watched MTV while waiting for the
pizza to arrive.  After some kissing, groping, and generally
enjoying each other we continue to watch TV and just relax. 
About 20 minutes go by when I notice a car pull up in front of
my building and a little brunette got out and reached into the
back seat and pulled out a pizza box and started up the walk to
the front door.  Carol looked at me smiled and said "I'll answer
the door, you sit here" she said pointing toward the recliner
that's just across from the door. I did, not quite knowing what
she had in mind, what she said, as I sat down she arranged my
towel so that my cock and balls were exposed and very visible
from the front door.  The bell rang and Carol walked toward it
and as she walked I noticed that she was adjusting her towel so
that her tities were not quite covered.  She opened the door and
the pizza girl said "$12.95" not looking up from the box she was
holding.  "Ok" Carol said "Come in while I get the money." The
girl for the first time looked up saw Carol's tits, she wasn"t
sure what to do or where to look as she stepped into the room,
she now saw me sitting on the chair with my cock hanging out.
Her eyes darted from Carol to me and back to Carol again. Carol
turned and walked into the bedroom to get the money, I looked at
the now slightly blushing pizza girl and said "Hi, hot isn't
it?" "Ah, yea," she said, Again not sure were to put her eyes. 
"Oh Fuck," Carol called from the bedroom, "Barry, do you have
anything smaller than a 50?" "Look in my pants, Carol." I yelled
back.  I could tell that by now the delivery girl was really
starting to get nervous. Carol came strolling out of the bedroom
this time both her tits and cunt were on full display as she
walked toward the girl.  Pizza girl seemed a little more at ease
as Carol walked toward her with a $20 dollar bill in her hand. 
"What's your name Hon?" Carol asked "Noreen" she answered as
Carol handed her the 20  and told her to keep the change. Noreen
looked at Carol then at me and my now very obvious hard on,
smiled and said "Thanks"  As she turned to leave, Carol reached
out and cupped Noreen's left tit in her hand and gave it a
little squeeze.  Noreen didn't say a word but reached down and
placed her hand on Carol's cunt.  They both giggled and Noreen
said "I have to get back to the store, but, I get off work in
about 45 minutes can I come back?"  Carol looked at me and we
both said almost in unison  "Sure, come back."  After Noreen
left, Carol and I devoured the pizza and drank a few beers. 
"Carol," I asked "How did you know that little pussy from Pizza
Hut would be so receptive to your advances?"  "Easy," She
started,"When she looked up from the pizza box, and saw my tits
looking back at her, I noticed her nipples got, almost
instantly, hard and when I came out of the bedroom with it all
hanging out, her shorts were damp in the crotch, along with even
harder nipples. "Also" she continued, "She kept looking at your
equipment as she tried to hide were her eyes were."  "Pretty
observant, Carol." I complemented her.  "Well in my work you got
to be." Carol said  "Oh, yea by the way what do you do?" I
asked. "I'm a city detective." she said mater of factually. 

"Your a cop?" I questioned  "Yea, 12 years this November. she
continued "I was just transferred to this district from
downtown."  "Wow" the words left me through my teeth, "A
detective, I never fucked a cop before."  We both started to
laugh and I rolled of the couch on to the floor an pulled her on
top of me as we continued  to laugh and kiss  and hold each
other in an embrace from "From Here to Eternity" beach scene. As
we rolled around on the floor our towels seemed to have a mind
of there own and shortly we both were naked, and I had my face
buried in Carol's pussy licking and sucking for all that I was
worth.  She returned the favor by assuming the classic 69
position with her on top and me very deeply down her throat. I
continued to lick and suck her clit until I felt her cunt juice
start to flow.  We broke apart and I rolled her over on to her
stomach and laid on her back with my cock between the cheeks of
her ass.  I started to hump her  ass and she responded by
rubbing her pussy on the carpet.  Carol lifted her ass up in the
doggie position, with her cunt glistening with fuck me juice.  I
kneeled behind her and stuck my cock to the hilt in her waiting
and ready cunt. "God you fuck good." Carol sighed, As she moved
her hips in  time with my cock strokes.  I pulled my cock out of
her cunt and looked down at it it was dripping with Carol's
juices.  All of a sudden a idea flashed through my mind and I
guided my engorged organ to the entrance of her ass hole. "Oh,
yea." she grunted "Fuck me up the ass."  I started to enter her
ass hole and felt a tightness like I had never felt with my cock
before. Slowly I drove my cock in to her waiting ass this was
tighter that any cunt I had ever fucked.  In and out, as I
fucked her  ass hole I reached under her and flicked her clit
with my fingers. "I'm going to cum!" Carol screamed and her
whole body seemed to shutter and spasm, as I increased the speed
of my strokes until I felt that old feeling in my balls. "Me
too!!" I replied as I felt the first shot of cum leave me and
enter her ass. "Keep it up, don't stop,"  "I never felt any
thing so hot," she cried as we both collapsed in a heap on top
of each other.  Heaving a large sigh Carol looked at me and said
"I never did that before, but that will not be the last time."
"Wow, now I need a shower.       

We got up and started toward the bathroom, when, a knock came at
the door.  "I'll get it" I said as we both grabbed for the
towels that lay on the floor.  I went to the door and looked
through the peep hole and said "Who is it?"  The voice and the
distorted face through the door said "Noreen"  "Just a minute 
Hon," I said as I tried to adjust my towel and then thought why,
and opened the door. Noreen smiled and walked inside, looking
first to me and then to Carol, who was still laying on the floor
half covered with her towel. "Hi" she said "Told you I'd be
back."  Noreen was about 5'4" dark complected and fully built a
direct contract to Carol's blonde sveltness, she was dressed as
most collage girls dress cutoffs and a elastic halter that we
always called a boob tube. Her dark brown almost black hair fell
to almost her shoulder and the top showed off the fact that
although her tits weren't as large as Carol's they were ample
and the nipples were jutting out proudly.  She grinned and said
"Did I miss anything?" We both looked at her and laughed Carol
smiled and said "Only my initiation into the wonderful world of
ass fucking."  "We were just going to take a shower, make your
self comfortable, we'll only be a few minutes." Noreen smiled
and asked "Can I join you, after work that damn flour gets
everywhere and I feel grungy"  "Sure" we both said, "The more
the merrier."   The three of us walked toward the bathroom Carol
and I nude and Noreen still dressed but quickly in the process
of joining us. Once in the bathroom  I sat on the toilet as
Carol fiddled with the water controls her ass and pussy stuck up
in the air tits hanging. Noreen proceeded to remove her top and
unleash a very nice set of tities, dark brown circles the size
of silver dollars crowned by thimble sized nipples, hard as
rocks.  My cock sprang to attention as I watch her massage her
nipples with her thumb and fore finger, "Wow that feels good, I
hate clothes." she murmured semi erotically. Carol had the water
fixed to her liking and turned to watch the impromptu strip show
as she did I noticed her nipples were also becoming very hard
and the signs of cunt juice flowing was on the inside of her
legs. She reached over and gave my cock a little squeeze and
smiled.  Noreen unbuttoned the top of her cutoffs and slowly
started the zipper on its downward journey until they fell to
her feet an she stood there in just a pair of very skimpy
panties.  She hooked her fingers into the waist band and sort of
rolled them down her hips, as she did she turned to show her ass
to the both of us. As the panties fell to the floor around her
ankles she bent over to remove them, jutting her ass into the
air and giving us a framed view of her ass hole and cunt lips
which were by this time very wet. She turned around with a smile
on her face, she massaged her pussy and darted a finger into her
cunt.  Her pussy was no disappointment clipped very short and
tapered into an almost perfect triangle, it was black as  night.
 She walked over to Carol and I, "What do you guys think?" we
didn't say a word I reached for her pussy and Carol bent over
and latched a nipple between her lips. Noreen let out a moan as
I buried my face between her legs and flipped her clit with my
tongue. Carol continued to suck her tits first one then the
other.  Noreen responded by putting both hands to work, one in
Carol's cunt, the other around my cock, stroking ever so slowly.
 We kept this up until I tasted cunt cum and she started to buck
her hips, Carol at this point said "I want some of her cum too."
So being the perfect gentleman I let the lady suck cunt.  Noreen
continued to cum for what seemed a long time as Carol's tongue
worked over her young pussy.  I dropped my attentions to Carol
and had my cock firmly impaled in her cunt, stroking in and out
in time with her tongue impaling of Noreen.  Noreen saw what I
was doing and moaned "Don't cum in her, cum in my face." Carol
agreed but said "Cum in both of our faces."  " I cumming" I
groined and both girls were at my feet at once, faces upturned
and mouths open. I don't think I have ever cum as hard or as
long as I did then, the site of these two sweet young faces
wanting my jism on them was almost more than I could take, the
first shot went into the air and landed on Noreen's cheek, the
second hit Carol almost right in the mouth, she gulped and
swallowed quickly.  The more I came the stranger it became
dollops of cum were on both girls foreheads, in there hair and
running down there cheeks.  I fell to the toilet and watched as
the two girls licked my cum from each others face and tities,
were it had dripped, during the ejaculation.  Both were smiling
and content as they licked and sucked each other trying to have
as much of my cum as possible, this continued until the licking
stoped and kissing replaced it.  I watched as they exchanged
tongues and caressed, and as quickly as it started it stoped and
they were tonguing my cock and balls for any remaining specks of
cum.    

"Wow, I really need that shower now," I said looking at the two
as they continued to clean my cock and balls.  "Yea, that's a
good idea." they both agreed as the three of us got into the
shower stall.  "Noreen," Carol said "Let me show you something,"
as she took my limp cock in her hand and started to rub it with
soap---- But then  that's another story for another day.

-- 
