Archive-name: Affairs/4grantd1.txt
Archive-author: Dats Him
Archive-title: 4 Granted - Part I


  Since graduating from college, Simon and Melisa lived with her 
parent's at their large estate in Rhode Island. Melisa, more than Simon, 
wanted to move out, away from her rich father's influence. Even though 
he had the best intentions in the world, Melisa didn't want her husband 
conforming to her father's conservative way of life, which she felt 
Simon would if they remained living there. As it was, her husband could 
be a real stick in the mud at times, and Melisa didn't want him getting 
any worse.
  Her prayers were answered one day when Simon received an unexpected 
job offer from one of his old friends. The sexy, but spoiled, redhead 
used all of her charms and every trick she knew to coax Simon into 
accepting the offer, which was no small accomplishment since her father 
had a counter offer for a large pay increase and a better position 
within his corporation for Simon. In the end though, Melisa won out, and 
they moved away to Simon's home town in northern Wisconsin.
  Tonight, a week after their move, her husband's old high school 
friends were having a welcome home party at The Landing, a small lodge 
hidden deep in the woods. Away from their wives for the evening, Simon's 
buddies proceeded to get drunk out of their minds while telling Melisa, 
the only woman present, about the wild times they use to have together.
  After a couple hours of drinking and listening to their tall tales, 
Melisa began feeling the effects of the alcohol she had consumed. In yet 
another toast made by someone, she gulped down her fifth shot of 
whiskey. Melisa, feeling no pain and more than a little horny, then 
started giving her husband some not-so-subtle suggestions about how 
amorous she was. With a drink in her hand and sporting a devilish grin, 
the petite redhead un-characteristically walked up to him and asked 
Simon to go outside, suggestively squeezing his buns and winking at him. 
Simon grumbled, "Maybe, later."

  Finally slipping away from the boisterous crowd an hour later, Melisa 
walked over to the far end of the patio behind The Landing. The view was 
incredible. It was a clear and cloudless night with a huge, bright full 
moon hanging in the sky. Like the largest light bulb ever created, the 
moonbeams sparkled off the water of the lake below, bathing the 
surrounding forest and patio in a soft white glow. When she reached the 
railing, Melisa noticed the shadow of someone off to the side, but she 
was too horny to concern herself with one of her husband's drunk 
friends.
  Slowly turning around, she tilted her head back, and parted her lips 
for a kiss. His hands immediately went to her breasts as he bent down to 
kiss her. Melisa felt him groping around at the top of her expensive 
dress, almost ripping it, as he tried to get his hands inside. He 
finally pushed her dress from her shoulders and pulled it down. His 
touch felt like fire when his fingertips finally dipped inside the lace 
cups of her bra. Melisa could feel his urgency, his desire, and she was 
happy that it matched hers. She heard a slight tear, then a loud rip. In 
his lustful state he had torn her bra apart. The round curves and 
softness of her large breasts were now totally exposed to the night air. 
Melisa didn't care that he had ripped her bra. She had waited three long 
hours for this, and a torn piece of clothing wasn't going to dampen her 
excitement.
  He pinched her already hardened nipples while his lips continued to 
crush and smother hers in a sloppy kiss. Melisa moaned her hunger into 
his open mouth. He dropped his hands and seized the undulating cheeks of 
her firm ass. Because he was 6' 4" and she was only 5' 5", even with 3" 
heels on, their embrace didn't last long. Already Melisa's neck was 
getting sore from leaning back at such an awkward angle. Breaking their 
kiss, she pressed her hands against his chest, and stepped back a bit.
  Simon's heart almost stopped beating when his wife reached out to open 
his jeans. With lust in her eyes, Melisa quickly undid his pants, and 
pushed them and his underwear down to his ankles. Dropping to her knees 
in front of him, Simon held his breath as Melisa teasingly licked and 
kissed her way slowly up his thighs. He gritted his teeth when her lips 
parted, and she encircled the crown of his dick with them. Simon though 
his head would explode when his wife's mouth began to suck and swallow 
his now completely hard shaft. Her saliva was making his dick glisten 
like the lake below them. In the two years they had known each other, 
Melisa had never sucked him off before. Simon was too stunned by the 
sight of her luscious, red lips sliding up and down his thick rod to say 
anything to her now. While she gently fondled his testicles with her 
right hand, his wife reached around and massaged his ass with her other 
one. Melisa then began moaning in delight as her mouth proceeded to 
steadily increase its loving action. Almost ready to climax, he reached 
for the back of her head, but Melisa removed her mouth from his cock and 
raised herself up.
  "I can't wait any longer. I want you to fuck me. Right here, right 
now!" his wife panted as she lifted her dress up to her waist and spread 
her feet apart.
  Simon had tried telling her that The Landing wasn't as fancy as the 
places back east, only a local hang out for the loggers and a few 
sportsmen who knew of it, but Melisa insisted on dressing up for the 
party anyway. In the bright moonlight, the sight of her shapely legs 
encased in tan nylons and perched atop a pair of high heels was the most 
erotic vision Simon had ever seen. When Melisa's trimmed, red pussy 
hairs came into view, Simon was shocked. He didn't know she had left the 
house without wearing any panties.
  With the top of her dress down and the bottom of it raised, Melisa 
hoped she looked like a woman begging to be fucked. That's what she was, 
and that's what she wanted to look like. It had been over a month since 
Simon had fucked her last, and Melisa thought she'd die if she didn't 
get fucked now.
  With ease, he lifted her 105 pound frame up and kissed her hard on the 
mouth. Melisa wrapped her arms and legs around him, kissing him back 
with a passion Simon didn't know she had. When her silky legs surrounded 
his mid-section and she locked her ankles together, he cupped the cheeks 
of her small ass in the palms of his hands. With one swift and powerful 
thrust, his entire cock pierced and buried itself inside her pussy. 
Melisa suddenly broke their kiss and cried out. Savoring the way his 
cock had enlarged and filled her pussy so completely, his wife held 
herself steady for a moment. Every nerve in her body tingling with 
excitement, and a barrage of fireworks was going off behind her tightly 
closed eyelids. After the initial wave of pleasure passed, Melisa looked 
into his eyes and in a throaty whisper said, "It's been so long!" His 
wife then crushed her mouth over his in another wet and passionate kiss. 
Simon was shocked that his prim and proper wife from the east coast 
could ever act this way.
  "Come on, baby, really give it to me. Fuck my brains out! Faster! 
Faster!" Melisa hissed as she began to wildly bounced up and down, 
impaling herself upon his cock with every once of energy she had.
  Simon was starting to feel dizzy, and wasn't able to stand on his own 
two feet any longer. While Melisa continued to fuck him like some sex-
starved nymphomaniac, Simon weakly dropped down to sit on the wooden 
bench by the railing.
  Melisa cried out again, "Come on, honey, fuck me faster! Please, baby, 
faster! I'm almost there. Fuck me, baby! Fuck me!"
  Suddenly, Simon became sick to his stomach. Just in time, he leaned 
over the patio and heaved his guts out.
  After Melisa straightened out her clothes, she kissed him one more 
time then went back to rejoin the party. Simon threw up again when the 
man who just fucked his wife followed her inside.

  "Good morning, sleepy head." he heard a soft and far away voice say.
  The throbbing pain started as soon as Simon opened his eyes. Melisa 
leaned forward and gently kissed her husband on the forehead, while her 
hand ducked under the covers.
  "How could you?" was all Simon said, not even flinching when Melisa's 
cold fingertips touched his crotch.
  "Hey, I did everything I could last night to get you to... you know... 
make love to me. I'm still horny, Simon."
  The pain in his temples was replaced by a dizziness as blurred images 
of the scene he witnessed on the patio at The Landing came back to him. 
Melisa's silky legs were wrapped around another man. Another man's huge 
hands were squeezing her tiny ass cheeks as she furiously leaped up and 
down on him. Another man's tongue was probing her open mouth in an eager 
kiss. Simon closed his eyes in torment. Was it all just a bad dream? Did 
he only imagine that Melisa had sex with someone else last night? His 
wife mistook his confused look as a sign of a hangover.
  "Do you want something for your headache, or how about some 
breakfast?" Melisa asked as she slipped out of bed and threw her robe 
on. "Maybe after you're feeling better, we could... mess around."
  "Mess around?" Simon said, then mumbled under his breath as she walked 
out of their bedroom, "That's not what I'd call it!"
  Melisa was right about one thing though, Simon was experiencing the 
worst headache of his life. It had been a long time since he went out 
drinking with the guys, and now it was time to pay the piper. His 
stomach did a sudden flip-flop, and he made a mad, stumbling dash for 
their bathroom.
  On his knees in homage, Simon had no offering for the porcelain god. 
His belly was empty. All he could do was listen to his gut wrenching 
prayers as they echoed around in the rotund bowl, making his head pound 
that much more. His stomach began hurting from the violent convulsions 
it was going through trying to present anything in praise to the short, 
white deity he was kneeling in front of, but it had nothing to give. 
Like a rejected beggar, Simon bowed his head and implored the powers to 
be for mercy. The icy-cold, ceramic altar was soothing his forehead when 
his silent petition was answered. The toilet seat came crashing down on 
the back of his neck.
  "Oh, honey, are you okay?"
  Simon turned toward the compassionate voice he heard, and looked up 
through the hallow-like hole above his head.
  "My, oh, my! Don't we look green." Melisa said and then started 
laughing.
  "It's not funny!" Simon groaned, half in anger, half in self pity.
  "From where I'm standing, you look funny. Here," Melisa said as she 
grabbed her husband's arm and helped him to his feet, "get back to bed. 
You'll need to sleep this one off."
  After making him take some asprin with a full glass of orange juice, 
Melisa tucked her husband into bed like a little boy.

  "JESUS H. CHRIST! GET YOUR ASS OUT OF BED!" came the shout that woke 
him up.
  "Leave me alone!" Simon grumbled, not bothering to open his eyes to 
see who was there.
  "Hey, Mel, you got any coffee made?" Simon's best friend Bob, yelled 
out.
  "It should be ready in a few minutes."
  "Come on, those muskies are practically dying to jump in the boat, 
LETS GO!"
  All Bob got was another tortured grunt.
  "Did Simple Simon have too much to drink last night? Does his little 
head hurt?" Bob teased.
  "ASSHOLE!"
  "PUSSY!"
  "Double asshole!"
  "Weekend Weed Whacker!"
  Simon opened his eyes at his friend's last jab. He remembered it was a 
derogatory nickname the locals called all the city people.
  "What the hell are you doing here? It's not even..." then Simon 
remembered they were suppose to go fishing this morning.
  "Damn, what did those people on the east coast do to you?" Bob said, 
then quickly yanked the covers off of Simon.
  "Hey, Melisa, Simon's got one of them retractable fishing rods and the 
line's all tangled up! You better get in here and help this poor boy, 
cause I sure as hell ain't!"
  "OKAY, I'm up already! Now get the hell out of here while I get 
dressed!"
  "Never mind. False alarm." Bob shouted.
  In the kitchen, Melisa sarcastically stated, "Another one!"

  "I need to ask you something, Bob."
  "No, we're not going in! I don't care how many times you throw up, or 
how green you get. I'm always out here until I get my quota, so don't 
ask again."
  "It has nothing to do with that." Simon said.
  "What is it then?"
  When his friend didn't answer, Bob turned his head around. Simon 
seemed to be looking at something in the distance, so Bob followed his 
line of sight, and tried to figure out what it was. Seeing nothing out 
of the ordinary, he asked again, "Well, you going to tell me what's on 
your mind?"
  Confused, hurt, angry and still hung over, Simon said, "Never mind."

  Melisa was so startled to hear the knocking at the front door that she 
almost dropped the box of crystal she was carrying into the dinning 
room. Setting it on the table, she yelled out, "I'll be right there!" A 
man wearing only a T-shirt and jeans, his back turned to the door, was 
standing on their porch. Boy!, she thought, They sure grow them big up 
here! Melisa suddenly realized she was still only dressed in her short 
robe. She jumped when the man began knocking again. Opening the door up 
enough to stick her head out, the half-naked housewife asked, "What can 
I do for you?"
  "Hi there! My name's Jack. Sorry to bother you, but can I use your 
phone? My truck got a flat and I need to call somebody out here. It's 
just down the road a bit." he said with a smile.
  "Don't you have a spare?" Melisa asked, afraid to let a stranger in 
the house, especially the way she was dressed.
  "Don't I wish! Listen, I haul logs for the mill, so it's not my rig, 
but if I'm not back by a certain time, I'll be in deep shit. Look, I 
just need to let them know I got a flat, then I'll go back out there and 
wait for them to send somebody to fix it."
  "Where are my manners? I'm sorry. Come in, the phone is in the living 
room." Melisa said as she opened the door all the way.
  Jack stepped in and followed her as she walked past him after closing 
the door. Tom was right. Not only was the redhead beautiful, but she had 
a fantastic body! She was a little small for his taste, but if 
everything else Tom said was true, he could overlook that. When Melisa 
turned around to face him and point at the phone on a table by the wall, 
Jack had to swallow his heart. The red haired beauty before him had the 
biggest pair of tits he'd ever seen on a woman her size.
  While Jack was on the phone, Melisa knew she should have gotten 
dressed. Every time she turned around the man's eyes were on her. It was 
like he didn't care if anyone was on the other end of the line. Her 
cheeks turned red and her pulse quickened when she saw his gaze fix upon 
her breasts. Pulling her robe together to hide herself from his stare 
only seemed to make Jack's eyes grow larger. Looking down, she noticed 
the thin material of her short, white satin robe was stretched tightly 
across chest, making her erect nipples even more visible. Completely 
embarrassed for getting excited just from having a man look at her, 
Melisa ran into the kitchen.
  "I've got to hand it to you, Tom, you were right." Jack said when the 
woman disappeared. "She sure is something else! How long have I got?"
  "Well, it's only nine and she's probably sober by now, so be here when 
everybody gets back from lunch." his boss said.
  "Thanks! See you at one." Jack replied as he hung up the phone.
  Now all he had to do was figure out a way of getting the redhead to 
let him stay in the house while a fictitious emergency truck repaired 
his fictitious flat tire.
  "Say, lady!" he called out, "Can I use your bathroom?"
  "It's the first door on the left, down the hallway."
  When she heard the man close the bathroom door, Melisa raced from the 
kitchen and into her bedroom. She hurriedly straightened up the bed, 
threw the clothes she wore last night into the closet and took her robe 
off. After wiggling into a tight pair of pink bikini panties, she 
searched for a matching bra in her dresser drawer. From the corner of 
her eye, Melisa saw something move, and bolted upright in surprise.
  Less than two feet away, Jack was standing in the open doorway to the 
adjoining bathroom. He didn't say anything, didn't even apologize for 
sneaking up on her, but then he didn't have to. The way he was looking 
at Melisa said it all. Before, when he was on the phone, his looks were 
appreciative, even complimentary. Now, there was something else in his 
eyes, and Melisa started to tremble. Jack was awed by the near flawless 
set of tits the young redhead had. And her nipples! My God, they were 
the most perfectly shaped little nubs he had ever laid eyes on!
  The two of them just stood there, both with their mouth open and both 
wanting something different. Neither knew what the other's next move was 
going to be, so they both were afraid to move. Wearing only a flimsy 
pair of panties, Melisa felt vulnerable and helpless. On the other hand, 
Jack couldn't remember the last time he was this sexually aroused. It 
was certain they couldn't just let the tension keep building up between 
them, one of them had to do something, but which one was going to make 
the first move?
  Last night, Melisa had too much to drink, and just got carried away. 
That's all it was. Yet, like last night, she could feel her pussy 
beginning to moisten, and she became embarrassed again. The young wife 
looked down, to keep the man from seeing the way she was blushing. Her 
heart skipped several beats, and she stopped breathing. The man's cock 
was sticking out of his open jeans, coming to life, bouncing slightly as 
it grew larger and stiffer. Her nipples hardened all the more at the 
sight, and Melisa became ashamed from the way she was reacting.
  Tentatively, Jack raised his right hand. Melisa flinched at his sudden 
movement, but stood her ground. Slowly he reached out to her. The sigh 
the redhead made after his hand covered and gently squeezed her left 
breast told Jack all he needed to know. He reached out with his other 
hand and began slowly squeezing both her tits. Melisa legs wobbled, and 
another sigh escaped from her still open and suddenly dry mouth. Jack 
released her breasts, and his hands slid to her rib cage. Melisa clamped 
her eyes shut and bit her lower lip as she raised her head. Her mouth 
opened with a soft and pleading moan as his hands surrounded her slim 
waist. She felt his fingers at her hips, hooking themselves inside the 
only piece of clothing she had on. Like a hot knife through butter, Jack 
ripped her panties on both sides.
  Melisa's only response was to look up, not in surprise, but in 
anticipation of his next move. Jack noticed the change in her and 
reached down. Melisa's legs parted, and he lazily pulled the torn and 
useless panties from between her quivering thighs. At that moment, they 
both knew she was his. Melisa, almost in a trance, walked over to the 
bed. She couldn't believe that she was again going to fuck a man she 
didn't even know!

  "That makes twelve, six each, right?"
  "Yeah, yeah, I know. Jesus, Simon, you really look like shit! How 
about we get you a little hair of the dog that bit you?"
  "I just want to go back to bed." Simon said as he put his fishing gear 
away.
  "By the way, don't forget you and Mel are suppose to come over tonight 
for dinner. Sue's been dying to meet your wife." Bob said.
  "I meant to ask you about that. How come nobody else brought their 
wife or girlfriend last night?"
  "I'm not suppose to tell you this, but all the girls are planning a 
big surprise dinner for you two day after tomorrow. Tell Mel to be 
prepared, too. Some of them are pissed at her for catching you. I'm 
pretty sure she'll even hear some catty remarks from Sue tonight."
  "Look, Bob, I only dated Sue once, then stepped aside when you told me 
how you felt about her."
  "Shit, I'm not accusing you of anything. I wouldn't mind being in your 
shoes, though. A lot of the other guys feel the same way. We're just 
jealous. Hell, you were the star jock at school, had your pick of any 
girl you wanted, got a nice scholarship, married a gal who's not only 
the sexiest creature on earth, but comes from a rich family to boot! You 
guys are the envy of the whole town, so you better get use to it. The 
same goes for the rest of us. Yeah, I'm a little jealous, too, but I am 
what I am. Just do me a favor, will you?"
  "What's that?" Simon asked his friend.
  "Don't let it go to your head. As far as I can tell, all your success 
hasn't changed you. Try to keep that way."

  Simon waved from the dock as Bob pulled his boat away. The fresh air 
had done him some good. At least he wasn't sick anymore, and maybe only 
a short nap would get rid of his headache.
  As he walked up the hill to the lake front cottage they recently 
bought, Simon thought of asking Melisa about last night. He then decided 
it was best to get rid of his headache first. Besides, he still wasn't 
sure if he had really seen Melisa with another man, or if he had dreamed 
it all. Thankful that his wife wasn't around when he opened the door, he 
tossed his fish into the kitchen sink, and headed off to bed.
  Simon might as well have been shot with a gun when he opened his 
bedroom door. In a way, he was. This was no dream. This was real! His 
wife WAS with another man!
  Melisa was kneeling over his prone body. Her hands were clutching at 
his dick and balls, while her lips were sliding up and down his cock. 
Simon could see the obscene lump in her cheeks expand and move as a 
stranger's dick poked around inside his wife's sucking mouth. Simon 
could see Melisa's tiny hands stroking the thick shaft of the huge cock 
protruding from her lips. Simon couldn't see who the man was though. His 
head was trapped between Melisa's thighs, hiding him from view, as she 
lewdly smeared her pussy back and forth in a fucking rhythm on his face. 
The wet slurping sounds of their tongues and mouths on each others 
genitals made Simon sick to his stomach again. Their grunting, groaning 
and moaning made his head pound more painfully. The brokenhearted Simon 
wanted to die on the spot!
  Melisa shamelessly made love to the man's cock with her mouth and 
tongue as her fingers played with his hairy scrotum below her chin. Her 
dainty hands then firmly grasped the base of his cock, and with ever 
increasing speed, she began stroking his dick with both hands while her 
head bobbed up and down. Melisa twisted her face in a corkscrew motion 
and her hands continued to fly rapidly over the man's shaft until he 
finally ejaculated. She suddenly gagged when his cock briefly forced its 
way into her throat. She then moaned loudly in orgasm as vast amounts of 
thick gooey cum poured from her lips and began running down the dick she 
was still wantonly sucking.
  Simon didn't see or hear any of this. He had rushed outside, racing 
aimlessly up their driveway and then down the road. With tear stained 
eyes, he looked up when he heard a car coming from behind.
  "Well, hello there stranger! Long time no see. Hop in, I'll give you a 
ride." a cheerful woman's voice said.
  Like a zombie, Simon walked around to the other side of the car and 
got in.

  Letting the hot water of the shower pelt her still tingling body, 
Melisa shook her head. She felt guilty for cheating on her husband a 
second time, but she also felt marvelously satisfied and very relaxed, 
something she hadn't felt in a long time. Melisa really did love Simon, 
and knew that what she did was wrong, but she just couldn't help 
herself.
  Two years ago, before she ever met her husband, Melisa's sex life was 
phenomenal. She was one of the most sought after girls on campus, and 
with good reason. Melisa thought college was nothing but a four year 
orgy and very seldom turned down a chance to have sex. She had no qualms 
about letting any of her dates get into her panties. The guy had to be a 
real geek if he couldn't get between her legs, and even then, Melisa 
would at least give him head. As far as she was concerned, the only 
thing in life that could come close to having a stiff cock was shopping.
  Melisa knew everybody thought she was a slut, but it didn't matter 
because no one would dare say it to her face. Her family's status in the 
community prevented that. It was also the reason for her wild behavior. 
The strict rules and conduct she had to abide by at home didn't apply 
when she wasn't there. Her father's dated codes of what a lady should 
act like always collided her unbridled spirit. And after high school, 
she became even more rebellious toward him.
  All of this seemed to change when she started seeing Simon. It was as 
though her popularity had dropped to zero. All the guys stopped asking 
her out, and wouldn't even flirt with her anymore. At 6' 5" and the 
middle linebacker for the football team all four years he was there, 
Simon was an imposing figure that nobody wanted to mess with, but Melisa 
didn't take this into account. She thought men didn't find her 
attractive anymore. In a way, this was all right, because she fell in 
love with Simon, and didn't want her past indiscretions to ruin their 
relationship.
  But, within six months after they got married, Melisa began to feel 
unwanted and repressed again. Even though she always wore the sexiest 
clothes she could lay her hands on, Simon didn't seem to want her. 
Before they moved, her confidence plummeted to an all time low because 
he hadn't fucked her in over a month. She couldn't understand why Simon 
didn't want to fuck as much as she did. Melisa just couldn't go that 
long without sex, and didn't know how her husband could.
  Sure, she enjoyed fucking the guy last night and the one this morning, 
it helped take the edge off her sexual appetite. But she really didn't 
want to fuck them, she wanted Simon to fuck her. "Well, if my own 
husband won't screw me, at least I know other men still want to." she 
said aloud when she stepped out of the shower. As degrading a thought as 
this was, Melisa decided it wasn't her fault. She also made up her mind 
that she'd fuck someone else again if Simon didn't start paying more 
attention to her.

  It was only eleven o'clock in the morning and already Simon was well 
on his way to getting bombed. He picked up the tenth shot glass from the 
neatly lined row of twelve, and gulped the fiery liquid down in a single 
swallow. Janice was still sitting across from him, talking up a storm 
about something or other. He didn't know what she was saying, or did he 
really care. She had been yakking away ever since she picked him up on 
the side of the road. He looked at her through the empty thick shot 
glass. All he could see were two distorted red lines, opening and 
closing.
  "You still suck cock?" he blurted out.
  Totally stunned, Janice sat there with her mouth hanging open as Simon 
continued his one sided conversation.
  "I didn't think my wife did, but she does. She's a pretty good at it 
too, opens her mouth up real wide and plays with your balls. You play 
with the balls when you suck a guy's cock?"
  When the bartender looked their way because Simon wasn't being so 
quiet anymore, Janice leaned forward and said, "Why don't I take you 
home now, Sy. I think you've had enough."
  "Is she with him?" he mumbled.
  "What?"
  "Is she still with him?"
  "Simon, you're not making any sense. What are you talking about?" 
Janice asked, not really understanding him.
  Leaning over the table the way Janice was, Simon got to within inches 
of her face and said, "My wife and some other guy are playing hide the 
salami in our own fucking house!"
  "I don't believe it! You're just imagining things. Why, from what I've 
heard, your wife sounds like a real nice girl."
  "I saw it with my own eyes! Melisa was sucking this guy's cock and 
rubbing her pussy all over his face, right there in the middle of our 
own fucking bed!"
  "Listen, Simon, why would any girl in her right mind want to run 
around on you? Besides, name one guy in this neck of the woods who would 
even dare think of doing something like that with your wife. Hell, you 
only moved back a couple of weeks ago. Nobody's even met her yet!"
  Janice truly believed what she was telling her former boyfriend, 
because that was how she felt. Six years ago, they were the hottest item 
in town. Janice had dreams of marrying Simon one day and living happily 
ever after, but then things changed. When he received a full scholarship 
to a university on the east coast, she was happy for him, but also sad 
because her plans for getting him to ask for her hand in marriage were 
put on hold. The day Simon left for college, Janice thought her life 
ended. She would have waited until Hell froze over, if he asked her to, 
but never Simon did. Janice was completely shattered, and blamed herself 
for letting him get away. Even though she had married someone else since 
then, she still loved, and often dreamed of Simon. Janice doubted that 
Melisa was cheating on him, but maybe, just maybe, this was the second 
chance she'd been hoping and praying for.
  Simon, for the first time since she picked him up, really looked at 
Janice. Her soft chestnut hair was longer than it use to be, and her 
face was thinner, but Janice was still very attractive. She still has 
that look, Simon thought. Janice's deep brown eyes were what attracted 
him to her in the first place. When they were alone in the past, which 
was often, she would give him a look that was adoring, while at the same 
time very sultry. She was giving him that look now, and the old feelings 
for her were starting to come back. Simon reached out to hold Janice's 
hand, but she jerked it back quickly.
  "Let me get you home." she said as she gathered up her things.
  "I told you, I don't want to go home."
  "Well, I can't stay here all day, Sy. I've got shopping to do and a 
house to clean. I really have to go."
  Feeling sorry for himself again, Simon leaned back in his chair and 
said, "I'll be fine, why don't you take off."
  Driving away and leaving Simon at Don's tavern, Janice began thinking. 
If his wife was really cheating on him, she could get Simon back. She 
had heard the rumors about her own husband's infidelities and figured 
that all she had to do was wait around and catch him in the act, then 
file for a divorce. Janice suddenly pounded on the steering wheel when 
she realized exactly what she was thinking about. "Damn it, Simon!", she 
yelled, "Why did you have to come back?" and then she started crying.

--
