4 Granted
Part 2
By DATS HIM

  "Where's dinner?" her husband called out to Janice when he got home 
from work.
  "If you don't mind, I thought we'd go out to eat." she yelled from 
upstairs in their bedroom.
  Normally, her husband preferred a home cooked meal, and Janice 
expected him to object to her suggestion, but he surprised her.
  "Let me give the Carsons a call. We were suppose to meet them later 
for drinks anyway, so they might as well join us. How's The Landing 
sound?"
  "I thought we might go over to Don's place. We haven't been there in a 
while." Janice replied quickly.
  She was hoping to run into Simon again since he lived so close to the 
small tavern. This was the reason she was getting dressed up.
  "Okay, I'll tell them to meet us there for supper, then we'll all go 
to the Landing for drinks when we're done." Tom yelled back.
  Janice wasn't the only one with a motive for wanting to go out. After 
hearing from Jack about how the hot redhead drained his balls this 
morning, he wanted to see her again. In a perverse sense, this was Tom's 
way of getting even with Simon. Several nights over the past six years 
he heard Janice talk in her sleep and mention his name, but when he 
asked her about it in the morning, she denied having any feelings for 
him anymore. Tom didn't believe this, and suspected his wife was still 
in love with her former boyfriend. He didn't plan last night's jaunt on 
the patio with Simon's wife, but when it was over Tom looked at it as a 
macho victory over the man his wife still cared for.
  Janice finally came downstairs and announced she was ready to go. The 
way she was dressed removed any doubts Tom had on how Janice felt about 
Simon. Instead of the blouse, jeans, and sneakers that she usually wore, 
Janice was decked out in a short pale-blue skirt, a tight fitting white 
sweater, and heels. Right then, Tom made up his mind he was going to 
fuck Simon's wife again, even if he had to go over to their house like 
Jack did.

  "Bob, will you tell him I need those shot glasses back. I only got 
about five clean ones left!" the owner of the small tavern pleaded.
  "Hear that, Simon? Don's cutting you off. Time to go."
  "I'm not getting in that fucking boat again!" Simon shouted without 
even looking up.
  "What's your position on cars?"
  Back and forth they went, Bob trying to get Simon to leave, and Simon 
trying to get Bob to stay and drink with him. In the end, Simon won, but 
only after Bob made him promise to eat something. Bob had seen his best 
friend like this before, and knew all to well how belligerent he could 
get. Don came over to the table then and asked, "Can I take these away 
now?"
  "Shit, it's about time!" Simon said.
  Playfully, and not too hard, Don hit Simon over the head with a tray 
he was carrying.
  "What are you doing here anyway?" Simon finally asked Bob.
  "Remember, you and Mel were suppose to come over for dinner tonight. 
Well, if Mohammed won't go to the mountain, then the mountain will come 
to Mohammed." Bob said as Melisa and Bob's wife Sue walked in.
  Simon became very quiet when the two women sat down to join them. 
While Sue and Melisa discussed the differences between life in the woods 
and big city, Bob studied his friend. Something was troubling him, and 
had been all day. He then noticed that every time Simon looked at 
Melisa, he did so with a scowl. They must be fighting, he thought, and 
sensed that things could get ugly, especially considering how much Simon 
had to drink already. When Don came over to their table again, Bob 
promptly ordered steak dinners for everyone. From past experience, he 
knew this wouldn't change Simon's mood, but it would sober him up and 
make him more reasonable. Melisa and Sue continued to talk up a storm 
during dinner and, thankfully, Simon didn't argue when Melisa suggested 
he quit drinking, at least until they finished eating.
  The food did help. This, plus making him drink several cups of coffee 
after dinner and splashing his face with ice-cold water in the small 
bathroom, had Simon coherent now. He could focus his eyes, and knew 
where he was and who was with him. When he talked, his speech wasn't 
slurred and he could be understood.
  "You okay, pal?" Bob asked before they went to rejoin their wives.
  "Yeah, I'm doing better, thanks. Almost like old times, huh? Me 
getting fucked up, and you coming to the rescue." Simon said as he dried 
his face.
  "Don't you think it's about time you stopped doing this kind of shit?"
  "I guess so."
  "Are you and Melisa getting along okay?"
  "Boy, you sure are subtle." Simon answered.
  "Come on, don't play any of your horse shit games, Simon! I've seen 
the dirty looks you've been giving her. Fuck, you think I'm blind!"
  "Hey, I can handle it."
  "Look, we've been friends a long time. If you need someone to talk to, 
I'll listen. But, if you and Melisa are having problems, keep it to 
yourselves. Quit making other people around you feel uncomfortable!"
  "I'm feeling better and I'll behave. Now, why don't we go back out 
there and have a good time."
  While Bob and Simon were in the bathroom, two other couples had come 
in. They were still talking with Melisa and Sue when the men returned, 
so Bob invited them to sit down. Within five minutes, he regretted this 
and was ready to pull his hair out. After just straightening out Simon 
in the bathroom, Melisa started acting up, and she was a lot more vocal 
about it than Simon had been.
  Sitting at their large table were eight people, Simon and Melisa, Bob 
and his wife Sue, Simon's former girlfriend Janice and her husband Tom 
(the stranger Melisa fucked last night), and Jack (the man Melisa fucked 
this morning) and his wife Mary.
  The verbal assaults began when Simon went over and sat down next to 
Janice, leaving Melisa to sit between Tom and Jack. She was very quiet 
for awhile, but it didn't last long.
  "So, Janice, I hear you two were quite the couple... some time ago." 
Melisa said in the cattiest voice she had.
  "I believe we still look good... together." Janice replied, making the 
same pause for effect that Melisa had.
  Everyone now knew that Melisa and Janice didn't like each other. Simon 
could tell Melisa was jealous of the tall brunette, and loved it. Janice 
knew she was making Simon's wife jealous, and she loved it too. This set 
the stage for an evening none of them would forget. After the two women 
tired of making snide remarks about each other, with Melisa coming out 
on the short end of most of them, they began a more open and direct 
battle.
  Melisa started it by asking Tom to play some music on the jukebox so 
they could dance. While giving both Janice and Simon a watch-what-I-do-
next look, she grabbed Tom's arm and got up from the table. If looks 
could kill, Janice would have been strapped into an electric chair and 
executed on the spot. Melisa only smiled at the fuming woman. As she and 
Tom walked over to the jukebox, Melisa's left hand dropped to Tom's 
butt.
  While the two of them were selecting songs, Bob picked up the 
conversation at the silent table, talking about a local fishing contest 
coming up. His wife took this as her cue, and started talking to Mary 
about how pretty she looked.
  Jack's wife, only 20 years old, was the youngest of the group. Mary 
was also the giddiest girl any of them knew, always laughing and 
generally avoiding any serious conversations. Her assumed deficiency of 
brain cells was overlooked though, because Mary, before Melisa showed 
up, was the most flirtatious woman in town. With a wild mane of blonde 
hair and a body that could grace any centerfold, she looked like she 
just finished having sex all the time. This, plus the revealing clothes 
she always wore, had every man's dick hard for miles around. What people 
didn't know was that Jack encouraged Mary to look and act this way. He 
was proud of the way men made a fuss over his wife. Nobody in town knew 
that Jack and Mary were swingers, but a few of them were about to find 
out.
  Sitting on Mary's right, Sue was shocked to see Jack's hand slide 
under the short dress his wife was wearing. She tried not to look, but 
couldn't take her eyes away as he pushed the hem of Mary's dress up, 
exposing her young and slender thighs. Sue quickly glanced up, ready to 
tell Jack he shouldn't be doing that in public, but he was grinning at 
her and continued to move his wife's dress up higher. Bob was still 
talking about the fishing tournament, and Simon and Janice were too busy 
looking at their spouses to notice what was going on. Sue looked down 
again as Jack began to rub the inside of Mary's thighs, her dress now up 
to her waist. Mary was wearing a pair of crotchless pantyhose and 
nothing else. Little wisps of blonde pubic hair poked through the lace 
opening when Mary parted her legs to let Jack's fingers get closer to 
her pussy. Sue thought that what the two of them were doing was vulgar, 
and she knew she was wrong in watching them, but something had come over 
her and she couldn't tear her eyes away.
  While this was going on, Melisa and Tom began dancing. At first, they 
kept a respectable distance from one another while traipsing around the 
small area. Melisa then looked over at her husband and Janice. Moving 
closer to Tom, she lowered her hand from his waist and placed in on his 
rear end again. Janice was boiling inside. Not only did this east coast 
bitch steal her first true love, she was now putting moves on her 
husband as well.
  Simon thought there was something strangely familiar about the way 
Melisa and Tom looked together. Then it hit him. Tom must have been the 
man Melisa fucked last night! Though not absolutely positive about it, 
he felt certain that Tom was the one who made his wife act so 
passionate.
  While talking with Jack, Bob could see that his wife was nervous about 
something. Sue was wiggling around in her seat and her face was becoming 
flush. She also kept glancing up at everyone, like she was doing 
something she wasn't suppose to be doing. Sue had more wine than she 
normally did and was on her fifth glass now, so he thought she was 
feeling guilty about that, and didn't pay any more attention to her.
  What Bob couldn't see was that Sue's left hand was on Mary's right 
leg. While she watched Jack slide his index finger into his wife's 
pussy, Mary surprisingly grabbed Sue's hand and placed it on her knee. 
Sue's eyes bulged out and she thought of jerking it away, but then 
everyone would know what was going on, so she kept her hand still. Mary 
then leaned forward, putting her elbows on the table, and asked Simon 
something. When the others looked at him and waited for his reply, Mary 
moved her leg up against Sue's and slowly began to rub it. When Simon 
started talking, Mary casually reached down and placed her hand on top 
of Sue's. When she didn't try to pull it away, Mary gently slid Sue's 
hand up her thighs.
  Sue thought she was crazy for allowing something like this to happen, 
but she also found it too stimulating to quit. Though she knew how 
pleasing nylon felt on her own legs, there was something forbidden and 
very exciting about feeling it on another woman's legs. As the blonde 
continued to use her hand to massage herself, Sue's heart began to beat 
wildly. She could feel the firmness of the girl's thighs and got more 
turned on. Sue nearly jumped out of her skin when Jack's hand suddenly 
replaced Mary's. She had a hard time breathing as he squeezed her hand 
and brought it up to the open crotch of his wife's pantyhose. Sue could 
feel the heat rising from Mary's pussy as Jack moved her hand closer and 
closer. Sue's fingertips felt the soft hairs between the blonde's legs, 
and she quickly swallowed another sip of wine, choking on it.
  Turning away from Simon for a moment, Bob asked, "Are you okay, 
honey?"
  "Just went down the wrong pipe." Sue said after clearing her throat, 
but she didn't remove her hand from Mary's pussy even though Jack had 
removed his.
  Janice was silently sitting next to Simon, doing a slow burn as she 
watched Melisa and her husband dance. Melisa was now blatantly rubbing 
his butt in a suggestive manner, while shoving her breasts against him. 
She couldn't blame Tom for pulling the sleazy tramp closer, and she 
could even understand it when he put one of his legs between hers. 
Melisa then started to grinding her pussy up and down on Tom's thigh. 
Janice didn't like this one bit and decided it was time to show the east 
coast slut that she could play the same game. Grabbing Simon's hand, she 
angrily pulled him up from his chair and said, "Follow me."

  "You should see those people out there! You'd think I was running was 
a whore house or something." Don said to his wife as he brought a tray 
of dirty dishes into the kitchen.
  "What's going on?" Kathy asked.
  "You know that girl who's always showing off to the guys?"
  "She at it again?"
  "No, it's worse!"
  "What's she doing this time?"
  "You won't believe me, so you better take a look for yourself."
  "Let me finish cleaning this pot first." Kathy told her husband. "You 
know, sometimes I think you're just a horny old goat who'd like to get 
into her pants. The poor girl just likes to have fun, and since her 
husband doesn't mind, I don't understand why you always have to make a 
big deal out everything she does."
  "Oh, yeah! Well, wait till you see what that poor girl of yours is 
doing this time!"
  Unknown to Don, Kathy was envious of Mary's looks, body, youth, and 
the steady fucking she knew the blonde was getting. Kathy, on the other 
hand, had to masturbate for her sexual relief because Don was always too 
busy with their tavern. Even at fifty years old, Kathy was still in 
pretty good shape and had received many offers from the men who came in. 
Since she felt it would be wrong to cheat on her husband, she turned 
them all down and masturbated instead. In fact, it was the blonde's 
husband who really got her hooked on masturbating.
  Jack had been trying to talk her into going to bed with him for some 
time, but Kathy just considered his advances nothing more than friendly 
flirting, albeit a little crude at times. About a year ago, when the 
place was empty, he came in and started making a play for her again. As 
usual, Kathy politely turned him down. Jack finished his beer and just 
before leaving, he handed her a box, saying that until she changed her 
mind it was something to remember him by.
  After he was gone, Kathy opened the package, expecting to find a long 
stem rose or type of flower. What she found was anything but flowers, 
and she started to laugh. Jack had given her a dildo! She heard of 
these, but never actually saw one before. It was two feet long, and each 
end of the flexible rubber shaft was molded to look like the head of a 
man's prick. Kathy wondered about its unusual size and shape. The naive 
woman was confused. There was no way she could possibly get both ends of 
the thing in her at once, so why did it have two dick heads?
  Kathy put the dildo to good use though. She quickly became experienced 
at using it, and after only a few days was addicted to masturbating with 
it. For the first time in her life she could have a hard dick in pussy 
for as long and as many times as she wanted it. She even stopped 
bothering Don about having sex altogether. He didn't seem to mind, 
because their constant bickering with one another had ceased, and Kathy 
was in a better mood.

  Jack kept talking to Bob, knowing that if he didn't and things got 
quiet, Sue would move her hand away from Mary's pussy. While pretending 
to be interested in what Bob was saying, Jack put his hand back under 
the table and searched for Sue's. Both women stiffened when they felt 
his fingers. Bob rambled on about his favorite subject while, right 
across from him, his wife and Jack were rubbing Mary's pussy.
  "Oh!" Mary sighed loudly when Jack's finger plunged into her wet slit 
and he wiggled it around. "That's right, and if you don't get the hook 
set just..." Bob continued, as if Mary was suddenly interested in 
fishing.
  Sue had to stifle a giggle at her husband's ignorance. With all the 
wine, plus the outrageous things the three of them were doing, a crazy 
idea popped into Sue's head. Moving her fingers above Jack's, Sue parted 
the slippery lips of Mary's pussy and began stroking her clit with the 
tip of her fingernail. Another sigh came from Mary, but Bob kept right 
on talking. Sue then squeezed her hand around Mary's entire vulva, 
leaving only a small puffy opening so Jack could continue to finger-fuck 
his wife.
  Mary bit her lower lip to keep from screaming out as Jack and Sue 
played with her cunt under the table. The blonde had done some pretty 
bizarre things since marrying Jack, but they had never anything in 
public. Mary knew that most of the people in town thought she was a 
flake and a tease. This was okay though, because she thought most of 
them were boring. She wondered what people would say if they ever found 
out that their recently elected Mayor's wife liked playing with another 
woman's pussy.
  Mary slowly began clenching and unclenching her ass cheeks, causing 
her pussy to move up and down slightly. Jack shoved another finger 
inside her and spread her pussy open. Sue released her grip from around 
Jack's fingers, and then slid her middle one between his. At the same 
time, they both pushed the digits into his wife's dripping hole. Mary 
lost control, doubling over as though she had severe cramp in her 
stomach.
  "Are you all right, Mary?" Bob asked.
  "I'm... okay." the trembling girl barely managed to say.
  "Why don't we go to the ladies room, honey." Sue said as she stood up.
  Jack looked past his wife and said, "You'll make sure she's feeling 
better before she comes... back, right Sue?"
  "Don't worry, she'll feel a lot better by the time we come... back."
  As the two women went to the ladies bathroom, Bob noticed a big wet 
spot in the seat of Mary's pink dress and made a comment to Jack about 
it.
  "She's got female problems... can't control her water very well." Jack 
said convincingly, but knowing full well the stain was there because 
Mary's pussy flowed juice easier than any woman he know of.

  Out on the dance floor, it looked like Janice and Melisa had started a 
dirty dancing contest. Each of them was lewdly sliding, rubbing, and  
grinding their bodies against their dance partner's. Both Simon and Tom 
had big grins on their faces while Melisa and Janice tried to out 
perform each other. When Melisa slowly rotated her groin against the 
crotch of Tom's pants, Janice did the same thing to Simon. Melisa then 
stepped away a little, and seductively opened her blouse all the way. 
Checking to make sure that Janice and Simon were still watching, she 
placed Tom's left hand on her breasts and started sucking on the fingers 
of his other hand.
  Janice was fed up with the redhead's antics. Not thinking about what 
she was doing and having a terrible temper to begin with, Janice was 
going to show Melisa that she was sexier. Grabbing a chair from a near 
by table, she dragged it over. After she made Simon sit down on it, 
Janice spread his legs open and stood between them. Simon started to get 
up, but she stopped him. "Sit down, Sy!" she shouted angrily, "She 
started this, but I'm going to finish it!"
  Kicking her heels off and lifting her skirt up to her waist, Janice 
hooked her thumbs in the top of her pantyhose and panties and quickly 
yanked them off. Simon got up again, but instead of pushing him back in 
the chair, Janice deftly and suddenly had his pants open and down around 
his ankles. When she was done, she shoved him back onto the chair. 
Janice then quickly turned around and plopped down on Simon's lap, her 
long and shapely legs on the outside of Simon's, and her hands gripped 
tightly under the seat of the chair to prevent him from getting up 
again. "Watch this!" Janice said to Melisa, and began rotating her ass 
in circles over Simon's crotch, watching his dick grow hard as her pussy 
rubbed its head.

  Kathy finished up at the sink. Something wasn't right. Her head 
snapped up, ears alert for any sound. All she heard was the music 
playing in the other room, no talking or laughing. Turning her head 
toward the swinging doors, Kathy spotted her husband sneaking over to 
the pass-through window by the pool table and dance floor. Don was being 
too quiet, so she dried off her hands on a towel and snuck up behind 
him. A flash of light hit her eyes and she turned. It was only the 
woman's bathroom light. One of the girls must have forgotten to turn it 
off, she thought. Forever mindful of money, she'd turn the light off 
first, then see what her husband was up to. Kathy couldn't believe her 
eyes when she got to the bathroom.
  The blonde haired Mary was straddling the toilet, her dress bunched up 
around her waist and her legs spread apart. There was another woman 
kneeling on the floor in front of her and she had her face between the 
young girl's thighs. Kathy raced over to tell Don what was going on when 
she was stopped dead in her tracks by another equally shocking sight. 
Big Tom Jackson was in the middle of the dance floor, his pants around 
his ankles, and a redhead was on her knees in front of him, sucking his 
cock!
  "Don, quick, come look at this!" Kathy whispered as loud as she dared. 
Her husband turned around and said, "Never mind that, get over here and 
see what these guys are doing!"
  "I know, but you should see what's going on in the woman's bathroom!"
  When Don turned around, his wife put her hands over her mouth and let 
out a little shriek. He quickly stopped and spun his head around, 
thinking he was missing something on the dance floor. Kathy walked up to 
her husband, reached out for his hard dick, which was sticking out of 
his pants, and began stroking it. Don then went to see what was going on 
in the bathroom, Kathy right behind him, still holding onto his cock. 
When he saw that the young blonde was getting her cunt eaten out by the 
Mayor's wife, Don's jaw almost hit the floor. It didn't, but Kathy did, 
with her knees. Bringing the tip of the biggest hard-on her husband ever 
had up to her mouth, Kathy opened her lips and stuck her tongue out.

  For reason, Mary looked at the bathroom door and noticed it was open a 
little. She was about to reach out and close it when she saw that the 
old coot who ran the place was spying on her. Deciding to let him get 
his jollies, Mary opened the door a little more so he could get a better 
look. She then pushed Sue away from her and turned around. Bending over 
and raising her dress up, she looked at the kneeling woman behind her 
through her legs and said, "Do me this way. After I come, I'll do you."
  Sue couldn't believe the young blonde was being so bold, but she 
placed her hands on Mary's ass anyway and then slid her tongue down 
through the crack of her butt until she reached Mary's pussy again.

  Cursing at him under her breath, Kathy still enjoyed sucking her 
husband's already exploding cock. She had just gotten it into her mouth 
when Don began spraying his cum all over the place. When he finished, 
she let it pop out, and was more than surprised to see he was still 
hard. Quickly unsnapping her jeans, she pushed them and her panties down 
to her knees and laid on the floor in front of him. "Come on, honey," 
Kathy said while reaching up for him, "you can watch them and fuck me 
before your dick gets soft. Hurry! Please, Don, fuck me!"
  "I'll be right back." Don said, leaving his frustrated wife on the 
floor.
  She knew it was too good to be true. Don never wanted to make love to 
her when she wanted it. Use to his neglect, but still on fire, Kathy 
started masturbating right there on the kitchen floor.
  Opening her pussy with the fingers of her left hand and shoving a 
couple of them inside, she used the fingers of her right hand to 
furiously rub against the base of her clit. Never touching the tip of 
the super sensitive and elongated organ with her fingers, Kathy rolled 
around on the floor as, once again, she had to fuck herself to reach an 
orgasm.

  After Janice started getting Simon's dick hard, Bob knew he had to 
leave. This was no place for someone in his position to be. But his wife 
and Mary were still in the bathroom. Bob suddenly went looking for Sue 
when Melisa dropped to her knees and began sucking Tom's dick. As the 
new Mayor, there was no way he could ever be associated with this new 
turn of events. He had to get him and his wife out of there fast. 
Hearing moans coming from the bathroom, Bob rushed to see if his wife 
was okay.
  There moaning all right, but it wasn't because Sue was sick, neither 
was Mary for that matter. Both women were feeling just great. Bob was 
startled to feel a hand at his crotch. Looking down, he saw Kathy, her 
jeans around her ankles, trying to open up his fly.
  "Are you crazy! Get your clothes back on! What's with you people?"
  "Please, just let me suck you dick for a little while." Kathy pleaded.
  "Get away from me!" Bob repeated as he turned around, backing up and 
tripping over his wife's feet.
  Burning with desire, Kathy crawled on her hands and knees and followed 
Bob into the now very crowded woman's bathroom.
  Mary jumped up and turned around when she heard the commotion. Seeing 
Sue's husband frightened her at first, but then she saw he was too busy 
trying to keep the owner's wife from opening his pants. Before Sue could 
turn and see what was going on behind her, Mary grabbed the back of her 
head and shoved her pussy at Sue's face. Sue moaned in protest, but 
began eating and licking her again. The twenty year old blonde thought 
it was so comical to see the Mayor try to keep his pants on while at the 
same time his wife was eating her pussy. Kathy finally got his pants 
open and was now trying to get them down, but Bob kept bringing them up.
  "What's wrong with everybody? Have you all gone mad?" Bob said as he 
pulled his pants up once again.
  "What's the matter, Bob?" Mary asked, still holding onto Sue's head as 
Bob's wife continued to lick her pussy.
  "I know how to get her to stop." she told him.
  "How?" he asked almost pleading.
  Reaching down, Mary lifted up the back of Sue's dress, then spoke to 
her.
  "Come on, honey, pull your panties down."
  Sue raised herself up from the floor and did what Mary told her to do, 
never letting her tongue slip away from the sweet tasting hole she was 
munching on. Pulling the hem of Sue's dress all the way up to her waist, 
Mary placed a hand on each cheek of her ass and looked at Bob.
  "Well, what are you waiting for? She can't suck your cock if you're 
fucking your wife."
  Things were so confusing and surprising to Bob that he never thought 
of just grabbing Sue and running out of the place. His whole thought 
process was turned upside down and he couldn't think. Sue, his ever 
faithful wife, the community leader for most of the town's charity 
functions had her head under Mary's dress, licking, sucking, and eating 
her pussy. And as if this wasn't bad enough, he had watched her 
willingly drop her panties and stick her bare ass up in the air so he 
could fuck her. The fact that Kathy was still trying to get his pants 
down and suck his cock was of no concern to him anymore. If his decent 
and loving wife was willing to participate in this crazy orgy, then why 
should he object?
  With all the sexual activity going on, Bob was suddenly torn between 
letting Don's wife suck him off while he watched Sue eat out Mary, or 
fucking Sue while she ate out Mary. Either way, Sue wasn't going to stop 
eating Mary's pussy. All he really had to decide was what he wanted. 
When Kathy pulled his pants down the next time, Bob didn't stop her, but 
quickly hopped over to his wife and slammed his crotch up against her 
exposed back side. Before he could do anything else, Mary wrapped her 
arms around Bob's neck, giving him a deep and wet kiss as Sue reached 
between her legs and searched for her husband's cock.
  Kathy wildly kicked her jeans all the way off, got up from the floor, 
and glared at everyone.
  "Who needs you guys!" she spat at them as she left the bathroom.

  "Where the hell you going?" Don asked Kathy as she hurried past him, 
naked from the waist down.
  "Fuck off, pencil dick!"
  After his wife walked through the back door, leaving it open, he 
rushed over to it and shout out, "Be careful, dear, it's the rutting 
season. That lilly white ass of yours makes a pretty good target!"
  The northern half of Wisconsin heard Kathy's reply.
  "That's right, dear! Even the dumb animals use their cock at least 
once a year, which is more than I can say for some people I know!

  Jack was beginning to change his mind about this group. They weren't 
so bad after all. From where he was sitting, he could see everything 
that was going on, unlike poor old Don, who was still running back and 
forth in the kitchen. Relieved to see that Bob was even in the spirit of 
things, Jack decided to join the fun. He walked out to the dance floor 
and stopped when he was standing behind the kneeling and sucking Melisa.
  The flaming redhead was truly a sexual marvel. For her size and 
appearance, it was amazing that she could do some of the things she did. 
Her pussy had squeezed his cock so hard this morning that he thought she 
was going to snap right it off, and she had to be the proverbial woman 
who could suck a golf ball through a garden hose. Everything about her 
spelled sex. There was only one thing he didn't try with her, and he was 
sure she wouldn't object to doing it now. As Jack reached down to open 
his pants, Janice yelled at him.
  "Why don't you come over here. I'll suck your cock better than she 
ever thought of doing it."
  Janice was still teasing Simon, her pussy and hands rubbing the 
enormous shaft of his cock, but not yet letting him penetrate between 
the puffy lips of her gyrating hole. Jack looked up at Tom for his 
approval. After all, it was only common courtesy with the people he and 
Mary had been swinging with to get the consent of both spouses if they 
were in the same room. Besides, Tom could and just might beat the shit 
out of him if he didn't.
  Tom looked over at his wife and asked, "No bullshit, you really wanna 
suck his cock?"
  "Why can't I? You're letting that fucking whore suck yours!"
  "Calm down, baby! Go ahead and suck his cock if you want to."
  Janice was really pissed at Melisa, and thought she was the most 
spoiled brat she had ever run across. After years of baby sitting, she 
knew how to deal with someone like this. All she had to do was take away 
anything they wanted, until they learned how to behave. And Janice was 
going to teach Melisa that lesson. If Simon's wife wanted sex, Janice 
was willing to fuck and suck everybody there just so she couldn't, even 
if it meant doing all of them at the same time. If Melisa wanted dick, 
Janice was going to make sure that the only kind she got was a limp and 
drained one.
  Tom watched as Jack got undressed and then stepped up in front of his 
wife. Simon's cock had been hard for what seemed like hours already, but 
she hadn't put it in her pussy yet. Even though his dick was larger than 
anyone's there, Janice couldn't be afraid of it since they went together 
in high school, so what was Janice waiting for?
  Melisa suddenly let Tom's cock pop out of her mouth and sprang up from 
the floor. She then slipped the spaghetti straps of her dress off her 
shoulders, and let the whole thing slide down her body. Once it was 
around her ankles, she kicked it out of the way, piled her hair on top 
of her head, and did a slow sensual turn. This caught everyone's eye, 
even Janice's. To the steady beat of the music, Melisa then leisurely 
took her lace panties off and kicked them in the air, somehow aiming for 
and making them land on Tom's extended prick. Next, she turned her back 
to Janice's husband and bent over from the waist. Slowly running both 
her hands up the back of her nylons until they reached her small rear 
end, she spread her cheeks open. Rotating her hips, Melisa looked up 
from between her legs at Tom and asked, "You want to fuck me in the 
ass?"
  As if hypnotized, Tom staggered toward the tiny redhead with the small 
bottom she was inviting him to fuck. It didn't look like one of his 
fingers could fit inside her tight hole, let alone his cock, but he sure 
as hell was going to give it a try. Slowly stumbling forward with his 
pants down, he watched Melisa spread her ass cheeks open wider for him. 
Placing his hands on her hips, Tom brought her back to him. His dick was 
way too far above her back side, and with his pants at his feet there 
was no possibility of getting his cock at the right angle in this 
position. He called Jack over to give him a hand with her while he took 
his pants off. The two of them lifted the petite redhead up and placed 
her on the nearest table on her hands and knees.

  Officer Richard Todd was on patrol, driving through the dark woods and 
occasionally stopping to check on the cabins not occupied by their city 
owners. Things were pretty quiet, but then they always were.
  "Rich, this is base, come in." the radio speaker blared.
  "What is it, Joan?" he said into the mike.
  "Are you anywhere near Don's Tavern?"
  "Why? Does another drunk need a ride home? This ain't no taxi you 
know. It's a patrol car and I'm a police officer."
  "Don't worry big shot, nobody's going to puke in your car. I just got 
a call about someone running around in the woods near Don's, that's 
all."
  "So?"
  "So they're naked as they day they were born. Hustle on over there 
before I put you on report."
  "I was only kidding." Rich said.
  "By the way, the caller said the lunatic is female! Base out."
  Rich put the mike back and punched the accelerator. Since it was some 
lady running around naked and not a guy, he didn't put his emergency 
lights on, hoping he'd be able to catch whoever she was, instead of 
scaring her off when he got there.

  Kathy had retrieved the dildo Jack gave her from its secret hiding 
place. After taking the rest of her clothes off, she walked back 
outside, the double-headed fake cock swinging at her side like a billy-
club. Standing butt naked in the shadows, she poked her head around the 
front corner of the tavern she and her husband owned and peeked in the 
window.
  Big Tom Jackson's wife was on her knees on the dance floor now, not 
the tiny redhead. The lovely looking brunette was sucking a cock, but it 
wasn't her husband's. The man was as tall as Tom, but it wasn't Tom. 
Kathy then noticed that people were behind Janice. It was Bob and the 
young blonde she was so jealous of. They were fucking each other silly. 
Kathy then looked around and finally spotted Jack. He and Tom were 
really giving it to the redhead. She was kneeling on one of the table-
top video games, getting fucked from behind by Tom and sucking on Jack's 
cock.
  The sight of all those people fucking and sucking each other got her 
juices flowing again. Leaning against the wall outside, Kathy spread her 
legs apart and placed one end of her dildo up to her pussy. With both 
hands, she slowly pushed the head inside her aching and very lubricated 
hole. When she had about nine inches of it inside her, she remained 
still. Thoughts of all those hard and ready to fuck cocks made her 
tremble with a deeper desire. She wanted to just walk inside and grab 
the first one within reach. Jack, Tom, Bob, or the other guy, she didn't 
care which one it was. Sure the dildo did its job and allowed her to 
enjoy orgasm after orgasm, but it wasn't the same as having a throbbing 
live prick spray its hot liquid inside her clenching and willing box. 
Nothing could replace that. Even though it was pure torture for her, she 
had to have another look at what was going on.
  Tom's wife was now straddling the guy she was sucking only moments 
ago. She heard the loud sigh as Janice lowered herself down and took his 
cock into her pussy. Kathy, not caring if any of them saw her now, stood 
in front of the window and began fucking the dildo. She hoped one of 
them might see her and invite her in to join their party.

  "I'm gonna come!" Jack grunted, thrusting his hips and driving his 
entire cock down Melisa's throat.
  "Me too!" Tom shouted as he pounded her from behind.
  Melisa was about to have her own orgasm and didn't want the men to 
stop. Suddenly, she felt the cock in her mouth jerk and explode, firing 
its cum. She somehow managed to swallow the first blast and the second 
and the third one, but didn't swallow after that. She let the man fill 
her mouth with his gooey sperm until she couldn't hold any more. Melisa 
then parted her lips and let his cum run out, spilling down his still 
hard dick. When the creamy fluid was dripping and hanging from his 
balls, she swallowed what was in her mouth and then began to lick at the 
rest of the cum on his groin.
  She then felt the cock in her pussy expand just before it came. Melisa 
clenched her cunt muscles around the thick and bursting cock, and pushed 
herself back at the man behind her. The guy was coming in buckets, and 
she could feel his load beginning to ooze out of her and slide down the 
inside of her thighs. Even though they had both finished coming, their 
stiff dicks kept banging away at her mouth and pussy.
  Melisa had long since forgotten how this all got started, and didn't 
even care. The only thing she was concerned about was reaching her own 
climax and enjoying both of them. As their dicks continued to plunge in 
and out of her mouth and pussy, Melisa thought of the last time she had 
two cocks at once. It was the day before she met Simon.

  Janice forgot how massive Simon's dick was, until the head of his cock 
bumped up against her cervix. She then remembered that there was still 
four inches to go. The pain of getting the rest of him inside her would 
only last a few moments, then the wonderful feeling of having her pussy 
so stretched and filled would overpower her. Tom's dick was large, but 
it couldn't ever compare to Simon's. While she slowly raised herself up, 
Janice could feel every pulsing vein in his dick as it withdrew. She was 
lubricating up a storm, but his cock was so big that it still made her 
feel like she was as dry as a bone. When she dropped back down to get 
more of his prick inside her pussy, Janice couldn't help herself and 
started coming like crazy. One stroke! That's all it took was one stroke 
from Simon's prick before she was reduced to a writhing, babbling woman. 
Stars burst in front of her tightly closed eyelids as she convulsed 
wildly above her former lover. Shaking and trembling all over, Janice 
could do nothing but let the sensation of the orgasm she was having 
pass. It totally dominated her body and mind, and seemed as though it 
would never stop. Every muscle in her body felt like they were tied up 
in knots, every nerve ending seemed to be exploding, and every part of 
her flesh was sensitive to the touched.

  It was Tom's turn to be jealous now. Janice was having one of the most 
intense climaxes he had ever seen her have, and it was with Simon. He 
pulled his dick out of Melisa's pussy and was about to walk over to her 
when Jack reached out to stop him.
  "What's fair is fair. You fucked his wife, so now he's fucking yours. 
Besides, it's not like they never did it before."
  "Yeah, I know. But she doesn't have to enjoy it so much!"
  "You don't think his wife enjoyed what we did?"
  Looking down at the still sucking Melisa, Tom said, "She's a hot piece 
of ass, isn't she?"
  "You better believe it! Mary's pretty good at giving head, but she 
doesn't hold a candle to this one." Jack replied as he shoved his dick 
into Melisa's throat once again.
  "Well, since you've had all three and I haven't, I wouldn't know."
  "If you want to give Mary a try, go ahead and ask her."
  "I got a better idea." Tom said, an evil grin spreading across his 
face.
  He picked Melisa up, and dragged the protesting woman over to where 
Janice and Simon were.
  "I wasn't done! I didn't come yet!" Melisa cried as she was carried 
away from the dick she was sucking.
  Tom paid no attention to her as he carefully placed Melisa in position 
until she was standing directly over her husband's head, and then called 
out to his friend.
  "Come on over, Jack, she still wants some more cock."
  When Jack was in front of her, Melisa dropped to her knees, unaware 
that her pussy was now right above Simon's face. Satisfied that his plan 
was working, Tom got behind Melisa so that he was facing his wife. 
Janice was grinding her pussy on Simon's crotch, his dick now fully 
buried deep inside her. She was going threw her third orgasm, constantly 
moaning and pinching both of her nipples real hard. Tom laced his 
fingers together behind his wife's head then shoved his dick into her 
mouth. Janice groaned at first, but then immediately began sucking him.
  The musky odor of sex saturated his nostrils when Simon inhaled. He 
finally opened his eyes when Janice's movements slowed down while she 
concentrated on sucking her husband. The sight of the swollen and red 
lips of a pussy only inches above his nose was surprising. Simon didn't 
know who's it was, but he could tell it had been fucked. The sloppy 
remains of somebody's cum was inside and starting to drip out. The 
thought of another man's sperm hitting him in the face was revolting, 
but the idea that it was dripping from a freshly fucked cunt didn't make 
it seem so bad. Was it Bob's wife Susan kneeling above him? Was it the 
cute blonde? After finally recognizing the red pubic hairs, it suddenly 
dawned on Simon that it was Melisa, his own wife! He reached up to push 
her away in disgust, but when his hands touched her ass, Melisa lowered 
herself down and began smearing her pussy all over his face.
  The harder Simon tried to shake his head loose from her gripping 
thighs, the harder Melisa would bump and grind her pussy against his 
mouth. She had no idea it was Simon under her, only that there was a 
pair of lips and a tongue on her still very aroused slit. The loud moans 
and groans coming from between her legs made her clit tingle all the 
more as the sound waves vibrated through her pussy. Whoever was down 
there was eating her out better than she had been eaten out in a long 
time.
  Simon finally gave up fighting his wife when Janice started to fuck 
him again. He didn't know why she had stopped, but it didn't matter now. 
The warm and silky feeling of her pussy sliding up and down his pole 
wiped out all other thoughts.
Janice always did tease him before getting down to business, and this 
time was no exception. She still remembered to tighten up as his dick 
slipped in, and to loosen her clench when he withdrew. Unlike Melisa, 
Janice loved being fucked real slow, with steady long strokes instead of 
hard and fast jabs. Simon had to admit though that Melisa had more 
stamina and wanted to fuck more often. His wife would fuck all night 
long if he'd keep it up, where as his former girlfriend couldn't fuck 
after an hour or so.
  Simon suddenly thought about what he was mulling over in his brain. 
Melisa could fuck forever, Janice couldn't. Melisa liked being fucked 
fast and hard, Janice liked it slow and easy. Janice could go days, 
sometimes a week, before ever wanting to get laid, but Melisa always 
seemed to want his cock. This revelation put a new light on what he saw 
Melisa doing this morning and last night, but his thoughts were 
interrupted when Janice pulled her pussy completely off of his cock. His 
wife also raised her pussy from his face. Simon now found himself alone 
on the floor, his dick standing straight up like a lonely lighthouse by 
the sea.
  On his right and near his feet, Simon saw Bob's wife was on her hands 
and knees over the stretched out blonde nobody bothered to introduce him 
to. Sue was eating the young girl's pussy while Bob was busy fucking it. 
Behind Sue was Don, his dick plunging in and out of Sue at a furious 
pace while the blonde stuck her tongue out and raised her head, licking 
at both of their genitals. Over on his left side, Janice was getting 
down on her hands and knees, as was her husband. She crawled over to 
Simon and just as her lips parted to suck on the head of his dick, Tom 
shoved his cock into her from behind.
  Melisa suddenly reappeared out of nowhere, her face contorted with a 
look of agony. Biting her lower lip, Simon heard her groan a couple of 
times, then shriek as she was pushed forward. Her mouth opened up wide 
and a soft, hesitating sigh came from her throat. They both looked at 
each other at the same time. Just as their lips met for a kiss, the 
front door crashed open.
  "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?" came the booming voice of young 
officer Richard Todd, his hand tightly wrapped around the arm of a 
naked, and dildo filled Kathy. Rich was shocked to recognize all of the 
people when they turned their heads to look up at him.
  The hot looking redhead he just met the other day was being fucked in 
the ass by one of the drivers from the mill. So, that meant that the 
blonde, who's face he couldn't see, had to be his show off wife Mary. He 
wasn't too surprised to see Janice sucking Simon's cock, since he knew 
remembered them from school, but he was amazed that her usually hot 
tempered husband was fucking her while she did it. Patrolman Todd was 
about to ask the new Mayor a question when Kathy freed herself from his 
grip.
  Rich didn't bother trying to get a hold of her again, so she quickly 
knelt down in front of him and started undoing his pants. When Kathy did 
this, the rest of the group went back to what they were doing before he 
burst in on them. Janice parted her lips and slid her mouth down Simon's 
cock as Tom resumed fucking her from behind. Bob and Don picked up their 
pace and continued fucking Sue and Mary as they ate each other out. The 
redhead and her husband were kissing again while the man behind her 
pounded his dick into her small ass.
  Finally, Kathy got what she was looking for, a hard REAL dick. Quickly 
pulling the dildo out of her pussy, she got the still stunned new 
arrival to lay down on the floor. Just as the head of his cock slipped 
in between the wet lips of her quivering cunt, he grabbed her by the 
hips and swiftly drove his dick up and into her. Kathy screamed at the 
top of her lungs how good it felt to fuck a real cock, and several of 
the others moaned or groaned out their own satisfaction and agreement.

  The events that took place at Don's Tavern were repeated again, but 
never talked about. Former Patrolman Todd, now Desk Sergeant Todd, filed 
a report that only stated there was a call about a prowler at the 
tavern, and that after investigating, he found nothing. The newly 
elected Mayor, Bob, and the newly appointed Chief of Police, Simon, saw 
no reason to change the details he had written down since the caller 
never came forward and nobody ever asked about the incident.
  Melisa and Simon had a serious talk about their marriage and past 
experiences during a break in the orgy. Melisa told him she needed sex 
more often than he
did. Simon admitted he had been neglecting her, but reassured Melisa 
that it wasn't because he didn't love her. They both agreed that she 
could have sex with other guys, but it had to be limited to Bob, Tom, 
Jack, Don, or Rich. For now, Melisa saw no problem with this. Everyone 
else also agreed to get together once in a while for a party at one of 
their homes.
  Janice was the only person who didn't go along with them. She not only 
didn't agree to their orgies, she divorced Tom within a month. He didn't 
really love her, and she knew it. Simon didn't love her either, and she 
finally realized it. This wasn't the dark ages and there was no reason 
for her to stay and suffer in a private little Hell. Janice decided that 
her former husband and her former boyfriend weren't ever going to take 
her for granted or use her again, so she simply moved away after the 
divorce. The rest of the group made a mental note of this, especially 
Jack and Melisa. They realized what Janice did. Life didn't always work 
out they way you want it to and love doesn't conquer all.
  Joan, Rich's new bride, took Janice's place within the group of secret 
swingers when they got married. Simon suspected she would. After 
officially taking his post, he checked the logs and discovered that Joan 
was suppose to have the night off when she dispatched Rich to Don's 
Tavern. Ge also learned that the phone company had no record of a call 
being made to the station at the time she said it came through. What was 
Joan up to? Did she only enjoy sex as much as his wife Melisa did, or 
was she after something else?

========================================================================
An original story written by one of the wonderfully real people who
subscribe to  NixPix Windy City      708 564 1754
the headquarters of the NixPixNet of Adult BBSs. 

NixPix Central (the *original* Nick) 303 920 1263
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 7719 8871
NixPix Finland                       011 358 0 298 3390

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================
