
                     ABDBRIDE.TXT -- (Inter, Rape, Impreg)

                              Abducting the Bride
                                       by
                                  Black Demon

                                donca@aloha.net



              ____________________________________________________

                              Standard Disclaimer!
          This fictional story is intended for the use of adults only!

              ____________________________________________________

      Bride & Groom where whisked away by the five Black men.  On their way to
the hotel, they now had been taken to a hideaway in the mountains.  The
beautiful bride, in her pure White wedding gown was surrounded by the Black
captives.  Her husband was tied to a chair next to her.  Julie was a virgin
bride who had never seen or handled a cock before.

      This was not a chance happening but a planned kidnapping. It had been a
chance sighting for the Blacks a month ago, when Julie had gone to the bridal
shop to try on her wedding gown.  The Blacks had been working at the store were
working on the air conditioning vents.  Fans were blowing to keep the air
flowing thoughout the store.  Little did Julie know that as she undressed in
the dressing room, five pairs of eyes watched her every move.  She was like a
goddess in white.  When she returned to the dressing room, to change back into
her skirt and blouse, five long Black cocks were being manually pumped.  Only
in her dainty bra and panties, her long bare White legs and dainty feet had the
five long Black cocks jerking and spitting their filth onto the air
conditioning ducts. This young beauty was the White meat they craved.  Or as
they began joking, Julie was the 'Rape' meat they craved.  Pure white and
untouched.  They had busied themselves about the counter to learn of the
bride's name and address.  They began their plan to make to ravish this White
beauty with dark brunette hair.  Her skin was White like a delicate porcelin
dish.  The Black lusted to see their big Black bones against this delicate
White flower.  What an ultimate delight: To rape this virginal White beauty, in
her pure white wedding gown - on her Wedding Day, as her husband looked on.

      The Blacks belong to a club of Black bastard brothers, known for their
meaness and lust to bust a White woman open.  Thus the plan of kidnapping
turned into a lustful planned event.  The beautiful lilly White bride-to-be was
to be their main attraction.  Julie was to be the the main attraction - 'Rape
Bait', where the Black brothers would have to pay a hefty admission charge to
watch the brutal rape of the beautiful bride by a Black brother.  The brothers
knew to bring a lot more than the admission charge of $500 to participate in
the upcoming rape.  How much would it take to win the auction of having the
honor of busting the lilly White bride's treasured cherry, while her husband
looked on.  To entice the brothers, the five scheming Blacks had parked their
darked tinted van near Julie's address.  Their telephoto lens of the beautiful
bride-to-be would definitely have the brothers bring all the cash they could
scrape up to bust her cherry.

      How much would Julie's precious little cherry bring, to be busted by a
big Black nigger stud in front of her husband, on her wedding day.  Would her
unsoiled lips bring more than her precious cherry?  Or would her tight little
ass be the prized treasure?  Once her photo was distributed as the grand prize
of 'Rape Bait', the lustful Black brothers would get a hard on just thinking of
seeing this little White virgin bride squirming on a big Black prong.  Her
screams would only serve to get the bidding higher.

      The cabin was filled with the Black brother for this 'Rape Bait' auction
of the beautiful White virgin bride.  Julie was dumbfounded and confused.  She
feared for her life and feared the thought of being raped by these huge Black
niggers.  They were beginning to take bids on her.  "How much for the honor of
being the first Black to get a blowjob by this beautiful bride?" was question.
"What's a blowjob?" thought the innocent young bride.  She would be in for a
dreadful surprise.  Never had even thought of putting her soft mouth on a
filthy penis, not even her husband's. Now she would be forced to suck on a
filthy Black nigger cock.
   
      Julie's husband was tied to a chair in the middle of the room.  His
bride, decked out in the glory of her pure white wedding gown and veil,
cowering behind him in fear.  "What's the bid to have this beautiful bride give
you the blow job of a lifetime?" yelled the Black leader.  "What do they want
of me?" Julie asked her husband. She had no idea what a blow job was.  Her
husband knew but he was silent, trying not to comprehend what the Black wanted
of his innocent bride.  The frantic bidding was up to $1,500.  The Black leader
turned to Julie "Imagine, $1,500 bid to have a blow job from you".  Julie
fearfully asked "What's a blow job?'.  The Blacks roared with laughter and
suddenly the bid jumped up to $2,500.  The bid came from a 6'5" Black giant who
couldn't believe the beauty of the bride and to be the first one to fuck her
dainty mouth.

      The Black leader turned to the blushing bride.  He's the high bidder and
has the honor of getting to be the first to ever for you to give a blow job.
"What's a blow job?" Julie fearfully asked again. The Black leader grabbed her
gloved hand and dragged her down to a kneeling position.  Julie fearfully
looked up to see the winning Black buck approach her, unzipping his fly.  Out
flopped the most horrid looking penis Julie could imagine.  She couldn't
believe a penis could be so big and ugly, like a squirming Black snake.  A
Black squirming snake 12" in length and 3" in diameter.  The Black leader was
standing behind her holding her shoulders so she could not get up and run.

      The leader laughed "A blow job my sweet young bride means you're going to
suck that big Black snake of a cock down your sweet throat till that Black
snake spits its venom down your throat".  Julie's eyes popped open, not
believing what she had just heard.  She squirmed "No, please it's too filthy to
do anything like that!  I'll die.  It's too huge!  I'll choke to death." she
pleaded.  Julie turned her head away from the approaching Black snake.  "Don't
do it Julie" yelled her husband.  A huge Black approached her husband "Better
tell you bride to open her virgin mouth hubby - or you'll be an enuch".  The
Black flicked open a razor sharp knife and was pulling her husband's zipper
down.  "Either she starts suck that long Black snake or she be chewing on your
severed weener".  Fearing for his manhood, he pleaded now with his bride
"Please suck on his cock honey, don't let him cut my manhood away".   

      Julie began crying.  The Black monster in front of her lifted her bridal
veil "Now kiss the groom, my little White bride".  All the Black chuckled
anxious to see the virgin bride defiled and forced to suck on the monstrous
Black snake, that oozed its slimy venom. "Lick it with your tongue bitch" came
the order.  Julie closed her eyes and her delicate pink tongue slowly parted
her soft lips.  Julie shivered in disgust as the slimy goo coated her tongue
and began to paint her with clear glossy lipstick.  What a sight!  A beautiful
White skinned bride in her pure white wedding gown, kneeling before a Black
bastard, and licking at this monstrous Black cock.

      The seething Black snake darted into the bride's virgin mouth.  Julie's
slim white gloved hands went up to push and slow the Black hips from thrusting
the 12" inch snake down her lilly White throat.  Julie stretched her mouth to
the fullest as the thick Black snake, about 3" in diameter, forced its way to
the back of her throat. The Black nigger groaned in delight as he watched his
cock slowly disappearing into the choking young bride.  He stopped his
movements for fear of erupting prematurely.  He wanted to make this event last
as long as possible.  It sure would be embarrassing to shoot his load so soon
in front of this group and also paying the most for the pleasure of being the
first man to defile this beauty.

      Eight full inches of Black cock now forced its way down Julie tender
throat.  Her Black hair and bridal veil shook from side to side to dislogde the
withering snake.  The dainty gloved hands now were gripping the base of the
Black cock to keep the remaining four inches from being forced down her throat.
She could not breathe with what was already down her throat.  The Blacks hands
were now grasping the bridal veil at the back of her head and he began to fuck
in and out of the bride's choking mouth.

      Julie's husband was dragged to a chair, a foot away from the action.
There he had a ringside seat of the hot action.  Here was his precious bride a
foot away from him, choking on a foot long Black dick.   The Black fucked away
at the gagging young bride.  Slowly he withdrew  till the head only remained in
her gulping mouth.  He grins down at the hapless husband "I'm going to feed her
for you in a minute".  Slowly the Black cock glides down the bride's swallowing
throat.  The speed picks up and the Black is groaning.  The cock is buried
deep, the Black twitches and groans.  Julie's head tries to dislodge the now
spurting rod.  She chokes and cum gushes from her nostrils.  The Black pulls
back to shoot his load in the bride's gagging mouth.  Cum pours over her lips
and chin.  Then the Black pulls out totally to shoot his last three blasts
directly up the length of her face, splattering cum over her eyes and nose.
Julie was on her hands and knees gagging the filthy nigger cum.  The Black
laughed, grabbed Julie by her hair and bridal veil, to stand just over her tied
up husband.  The Black saw her about to retch her guts and laughed.  He pushed
her head down over her husband's.  "Give hubby a kiss now" commanded the Black
just as Julie gagged and retched out the nigger cum.  The entire group of Black
roared in laughter to see the beautiful bride retch out a cup full of the
nigger's cum all over her husband's face.
     
      The ringleader now announced  "It's time to bid again!  A three part
bidding is on.  #1 is fuck the bride's beautiful White feet; #2 is to get
jerked off by her right hand and # 3 by her left hand." Julie couldn't believe
her ears.  One Black bid $500 to fuck her feet and two others bid $250 apiece
to get jerked off.  The ringleader grabbed Julie by her bridal veil to look up
at the grinning Black bidders.  "How many times have you brought a guy off with
your hands and feet little bridie poo" he quizzed.  Julie cringed and answered
as the Black jerked her hair "Please don't make me do this, I've never done
those things".  A roar of laughter came from the audience.  Suddenly the
bidding became fast and furious as each wanted to be the first to fuck her
dainty feet and being jerked off by this beautiful bride.  $1,500 was the
winning bid to fuck her feet for the first time and $800 apiece for the honor
of being the first to be jerked off by the bride.

      The winning threesome moved quickly to claim their prize. They lifted the
beautiful bride onto the table.  Her husband was tied to a chair at ringside,
for he would have the prize view of watching his beautiful bride debased by
three loathsome niggers.  The Blacks quickly stripped off their clothing to
proudly reveal their towering Black rods.  Each possessed a fearful monster,
far bigger than the bridegroom's.  The Black winner of Julie's dainty feet
slowly made a show of removing her white bridal heels.  He then brought her
stockinged feet up to his face and inhaled deeply.  He wiped his face into the
soles of her dainty stockinged feet.  He began to lap at her insoles with his
long tongue.  Meanwhile, the other two Blacks had forced the bride's white
gloved hands onto their throbbing Black tubes.  Her tiny gloved hands could not
encircle neither of the huge throbbing cocks.  A beautiful contrast of Black
and White, Julie in her pure white bridal gown being totally defiled by three
Black niggers.

      What a show this was.  Julie was forced to pump away at the two cocks in
her fists while the Black at her feet began to fuck between her tender
stockinged soles.  All three men slowed to a stop at times to prevent from
exploding and managed to hang on. Finally, as if on cue, they all stopped.
Julie's hands were pried open to let go of the two cocks and the cock slid from
between her soles.  Slowly her bridal gloves were removed.  She cringed as her
bare hands now were wrapped around the hot and slimy Black cocks. Her stockings
were slowly rolled down her slender milk White legs to reveal their beauty.
The Black at her feet then began to fuck between her dainty White feet.  Many
in the audience had wished he had bid for the right to be the first to fuck
this beauty's dainty White feet.

      On and on the degration continued.  Julie cringed at the thought of being
dirtied further by these Black monsters. Her dainty White fingers were now
slick with the drool from the Black cocks. Her dainty feet felt slimy.  The
bridegroom sat helplessly tied in the chair as his beautiful bride serviced the
lusting Blacks.  Disgusted yet the sight of his bride being defiled caused his
own cock to tent his trousers.

      The bride whipped her head back and forth in shame till the bridal veil
gave some cover to her face.  The Blacks being jerked off both groaned and
edged closer to the table.  One then the other erupted, sending spurt after
spurt to criss-cross the bridal veil.  Her fingers were webbed from the sticky
glue and the bridal veil looked like a spider web made of nigger cum.  Julie
closed her eyes and shivered in disgust as the nigger cum dripped through the
pores in the veil.  The Blacks at her side laughed at her reaction and stepped
forward and used their Black cocks to pat the veil down onto her beautiful
sticky face.  Needless to say that Julie's beautiful face was now a fucking
mess.

      The Black at her feet continued to slide between her tender soles.
Finally he groaned and shot a thick stream of cum up to the top of the bride's
thighs.  Then he pulled back and cupped Julie's soles around his cockhead where
he erupt the rest of his load. Half and inch of thick greyish cum covered her
soles and webbed her toes together.

      The three drained Blacks stepped back to admire their accomplishments, to
the applause of the roaring audience.  The bridegroom put his head down in
shame when one of the Black's pointed out his lust, as evidenced by his tented
pants.  Julie lay on the table shivering in disgust, her dainty hands and feet
are soiled and saturated with nigger cum.

      The bidding soon began for the most treasured prize - the bride's cherry!
The bidding reach $5,000.  The winner - a giant 6'6" ugly looking Black, as
dark as the night.  Julie cried out as the giant Black dropped his pants to
reveal a whopping foot long Black snake, round like a rolling pin.  "No please,
I'm a virgin!  Please let my husband make love to me first.  It'll ruin me,
please!" she begged. The winning Black walked up next to her husband.  "Well,
I'm inclined to give the bride her wish, if she'll be willing to do me one
favor".   Hearing this, Julie quickly nodded her head.  The Black helped her
off the table.  "Kneel down next to hubby there and jerk is pecker".  Julie
obeyed by unzipping the tented pants of her husband.  Out popped his rigid
cock, at its full length of 6".  Julie wrapped her cum soaked hands around her
husband pecker.  He groaned with pleasure as Julie began to pump her fists.
"Now suck the cock" commanded the Black.  As Julie lowered her head to her
husband's cock, the Black laughed "No, that's a little toy, mine's called a
cock".  Julie shook her head in disbelief.  The Black walked around her
husband.  Julie was to suck his cock while she played with her husband's pecker
as he looked on.  Julie reluctantly obeyed, slowly opening her mouth to admit
the Black slimy snake. She began to suck in earnest to allow her to make love
to her husband.  "Okay little bride, time to get your cherry popped" the Black
snickered.  Julie looked up in fear "No, you promised my husband could make
love to me".  "I lied Mrs., I'm getting my money's worth and busting your
cherry" he snickered.  The audience roared.  The Black easily grabbed the bride
and carried her back to the table.
  
      Julie lay on the table, her arms held above her by two strong Blacks.
Two other Blacks pull her legs apart as the  prize- winner grins at her and
begins to stroke his massive dong.  He approaches the crown jewel, hidden by
lacy White panties.  He grabs onto the waistband and the panties are shreded as
if it was made of tissue paper.  Whistles and howling erupt as Julie's prize
possession is revealed to all.  Julie sees the 12" Black snake approaching her
jewel.  "Please don't put it in me.  You'll get me pregnant.
Please.....no.....I can't have a Black baby!" she cried. "Please, I timed my
wedding to be at my fertile period.  I wanted my husband to give me a baby as
soon as we got married.  Please don't......You'll ruin me and make me
pregnant." she pleaded.  The Black laughed and looked over at her bound
husband, "I'm going to make you a proud papa of a little Black bastard hubby!
I'm going to ruin you pretty little White wife for you."

      The twitching Black snake was right at the height of Julie love tunnel.
The Black grinned as his Black snake began to ooze its venom onto the bride's
treasure.  Julie was held tightly and could not move, except to toss her head
from side to side in desperation. "Please, I'm a virgin.  You'll kill me with
that.  Please don't put it in me.  I'll get pregnant from it.  Please!" she
begged.  The Black edged forward to rub the frothing snake's head up and down
her tight slit, depositing its slimy filth along the way.  The Black twitched
his hips forward, forcing his thick cock head into the bride's virgin cunt.
"Ahhhhhhhhh..............nooooooooo...........PLEASE!" came the cry from the
beautiful virgin bride.

      Suddenly, the bridegroom was dragged to the edge of the table to witness
his bride's deflowering.  The Black monster put his large Black hands at each
side of Julie's hips and thrust forward with all his might.
"Aieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee........................." shrieked the beautiful bride
at her precious cherry was torn to shreds.  A roar of cheers came from the
audience.  Six full inches had plowed through the untouched field.  "Please.
Stop.  Pleaseeeeeeeee  pull it out of me." Julie pleaded.  Slowly the pulsing
Black snake backed its way out of the snug cavern, streaked with with bright
red liquid, the bride's cherry blood.  Suddenly the Black snake thrust forward
again and again bringing more cries of anguish from the screaming bride.  The
audience cheered as they witnessed the 12" Black snake fully embedded in the
beautiful bride.  What a sight this made, a dream of every Black bastard,
deflowering a beautiful White virgin. And to top it off with the rape taking
place on the bride's wedding day, in her bridal gown, and her husband watching
his beautiful wife being 'ruined'.  What more than to be able to hear a White
virgin bride scream into the night unheard for miles, as she's raped by a
monster Black cock.

      All the Black smiled and chuckled as the beautiful bride continued to cry
out her agony as the prizewinner began to fuck into her delicate belly.  The
rapist began to withdraw 10" of his monster cock and plow it back in.  The
Black rapist looked at the helpless bridegroom "Your wife's got a nice tight
little pussy.  I can feet it snapping at my Black snake".  The bridegoom looked
on in horror and pleaded "Please don't cum in her.  You'll get her pregnant.
Or put a rubber on".  The Black chuckled "You're kidding.  I'm sure as hell
going to fuck my Black baby juice all the way up her little belly. I'm going to
knock her up!"

      The bride and groom had planned on a week long honeymoon being in bed
together.  Instead, the bride was in bed the entire time with her huge Black
rapists.  After the Blacks were exhausted from fucking the bride, cumming in
and on her numerous times, they felt sorry for the poor groom.  They stripped
him and threw him on his bride's cum drenched body.  Julie had her eyes closed
in shame and had not opened her eyes when her husband's body was laid on her.

      The groom's cock had been hard after watching his bride humping with all
the Blacks.  He had entered her quickly but he came on his second stroke.
Julie's legs had wrapped around him. She cried out "Ohhh, not so soon.  Let a
man fuck me next!"  The Blacks all laughed and threw the groom off the bed.

      The bride and groom were blindfolded and released at the end of the
scheduled honeymoon period.  Would the groom be able to satisfy his now cock
crazed bride?  What would they do if she gave birth to a Black baby?
    
                                 End of story.

