A Daughter's Caning

About five years ago I was surprised to be telephoned by Mrs
Webb, the headmistress of my daughter's school.  She told me
that Vikki, who was then fifteen years old and in the fifth
year, together with several other girls, had 'rioted' on a
school coach and asked if I objected to her receiving a
caning.  Vikki's mother died many years ago and I have brought
her up by myself.  I did not answer the headmistress
immediately.  I knew from Vikki that corporal punishment at
her school was almost always given on the bottom with hand
canings a very rare alternative.  Vikki had never received a
proper spanking in her life.  However Mrs Webb told me that
the only alternative was suspension which would certainly
adversely affect her in the exams she was taking later that
year.  She said that all the other parents she had contacted
so far had agreed.  I asked for more details of the 'riot' and
what exactly my daughter had done.  

She told me that some girls, my daughter among them, had
brought alcohol and cigarettes on to the coach.  Subsequently
fights had broken out.  Bottles had actually been thrown
through the coach windows on to the road.  The driver had been
terrified.  All the girls on the coach were to be punished but
only the ringleaders and those most involved in the fighting
were to be caned.  Vikki had admitted bringing four cans of
lager on to the coach.  Mrs Webb also said that if I agreed
she would have no objection to allowing me to witness the
canings so that I could see for myself that the punishments
were not excessive.  After some thought I gave my permission.  

I left work early and drove to the school.  I got there just
before 3.34 pm and went to Mrs Webb's office.  There were four
or five mothers of other girls, some of whom I knew slightly,
and one other man already there.  After a few minutes two more
women arrived.  One was Mrs Roberts, the mother of Melanie,
Vikki's best friend. Mrs Webb told us that the girls were
waiting in the Hall and then went to a cupboard and selected
two canes, both a little more than two feet six inches long. 
She told us that she was very sorry that she had to administer
corporal punishment but that she couldn't help feeling that
some of the blame was due with us, the parents, for not being
strict enough with our daughters.  She led the way to the
Hall.  

The girls were waiting lined up by one of the walls.  I was
surprised to see how many of them there were.  Fifteen girls
were standing there silently under the eye of a young and
athletic looking teacher who, my daughter told me later, was
Miss Baker, the gym mistress.  Vikki looked terribly
frightened and didn't look at me as we walked in.  Two of the
other girls particularly attracted my attention: a very pretty
girl in full make up wearing a denim jacket and tight jeans,
and a tall girl dressed almost like a punk, wearing a very
short leather mini skirt.  These two looked less like
schoolgirls than young women.  I saw the girls' already
apprehensive faces go a shade paler as they saw the long,
flexible canes quivering in the hands of their headmistress.  

There were chairs lined up opposite the girls where we parents
were directed to sit, and one isolated chair in the middle of
the floor.  Mrs Webb handed one cane to the gym mistress and
one of the girls began to cry quietly.  Mrs Webb then gave the
girls a good talking to.  She announced that for such serious
misbehaviour, damaging to the reputation of the school, no
punishment except the cane was appropriate and that each girl
would receive four strokes.  She concluded by saying that,
contrary to the rules, most of the girls were not wearing
school uniform, some despite warnings, and that these girls
would receive additional strokes of the cane.  I was pleased
that Vikki had worn school uniform that day, she didn't
always.  I tried to catch her eye to give her a look of
encouragement, but she was staring at her shoes and looked
petrified.  

Mrs Webb announced that the punishments would be carried out
in alphabetical order of surnames, and after a pause the first
girl walked slowly forward.  It was Cathy, a girl in my
daughter's class.  She was a slender, attractive girl, whose
face was framed by her long black hair.  Mrs Webb told her to
bend over the central chair facing the other girls, and she
did so.  She was wearing school uniform, and when she was bent
over the chair Mrs Webb took hold of the hem of her grey
school skirt and lifted it up, pinning it to the back of her
blouse with a safety pin.    

The headmistress laid her cane carefully across Cathy's blue
panties and then raised it high.  Taking careful aim she
brought it down with a resounding thwack.  Cathy squealed at
the sudden stinging pain and her head jerked back sharply. 
She looked round with an expression of shock and disbelief on
her face as if she could not believe that Mrs Webb had
intended to hurt her that much.  We saw her try to tense
herself for the next stroke, but she could not prevent the
wrigglings of her bottom as it awaited the next assault of the
cane.  

When the second stroke did come it was too much for poor
Cathy.  She leapt up and danced from one foot to the other
with her hands pressed to her stinging bottom.  She was
weeping now and kept begging Mrs Webb over and over not to
give her any more.  

Mrs Webb beckoned to the gym mistress who came over to hold
Cathy down for the remainder of her caning.  Her cries fell on
deaf ears and her desperate writhings could not save her
buttocks from the two remaining punishing strokes.  After the
fourth stroke Mrs Webb unpinned her skirt and motioned to Miss
Baker to let her go.  Cathy remained standing in the centre of
the Hall clasping her sore bottom with both hands.  After a
few moments, however, with everybody's eyes still fixed on
her, she was ordered to go and stand by the wall, near the
door, facing the wall.  She hobbled across the room still
sobbing and with one hand still held to the back of her skirt. 
Mrs Webb announced that if any other girls still needed to be
held down as Cathy had been, they would receive an additional
two strokes.  They all deserved their punishments and now they
had to take their medicine - and there wasn't time for all
this mucking about.  

Then it was the turn of Sheila, a delicately pretty little
blonde, sixteen years old.  Sheila had made the mistake of
coming to school that day in a beige coloured blouse and a
white skirt and therefore had to expect a more severe caning
than the one which had reduced Cathy to tears.  As she walked
slowly towards the chair, her pretty face blushing red, I
looked over to where Vikki was standing.  Cathy's caning had
obviously made an impression on her.  She looked a picture of
misery and was gnawing on her lower lip.  Her hands were held
to the seat of her skirt and she was trembling and fidgeting
nervously.  I felt very sorry for her, but I knew that this
was a lesson that she'd been needing for some time.  She told
me afterwards that until she had seen the effect that the cane
had on Cathy she hadn't realised just how serious a punishment
a caning was.  

Sheila bent over the chair.  The outline of her buttocks and
her panties were clearly revealed through the tight white
skirt.  Mrs Webb tried to raise the skirt, but it was too
tight.  Sheila had to stand up again, take the skirt off and
then bend back down again.  

Mrs Webb announced that Sheila would receive an additional two
strokes for not wearing the school uniform.  Then the
punishment began.  Sheila received the first stroke in
silence.  The second, landing on the same place low down on
her bottom, wrung from her a stifled groan.  Silent after the
third, she yelled loudly at each of the last three cuts. 
Nevertheless she maintained a tight grip on the chair until
Mrs Webb tapped her on the shoulder after the sixth stroke and
told her to stand up and put her skirt back on.  She had taken
her punishment so well by comparison with Cathy that I
wondered if she had ever been caned before.  But Vikki told me
later that she was not a particularly naughty girl and had
never had the cane.  

When she had got her skirt back on she stumbled over to stand
next to Cathy and pressed her hands to her bottom.  But she
did not enjoy even this tiny relief for long.  Mrs Webb
angrily snapped out that on lining up all girls had to put
their hands behind their necks.  

The next girl to walk forward was Anna.  Her extremely
frightened appearance must in part have been due to the fact
that she wore grey- blue trousers and a cotton top and, like
Sheila, could expect no fewer than six searing cuts across her
bottom.  The headmistress ordered Anna to undo her trousers
and lower them to her kneees before bending over the chair. 
Mrs Webb then gave way to the gym mistress who came forward to
cane Anna.  She seemed to cane with greater power than Mrs
Webb and poor Anna shrieked and kicked her legs - so far as
she could with her trousers around her knees - after every
whack.  After the fifth stroke she straightened, but
immediately bent down again, so as not to earn the extra
strokes.  Miss Baker paused for a long time before the sixth
stroke and we could all hear Anna's sobs.  The poor girl
couldn't keep still, but somehow she managed to stay bent
over.  When the cane finally landed Anna yelled like a
madwoman and leapt upright.  Her trousers had almost been
kicked off by now and she did a frantic war-dance of pain for
about half a minute.  Then Mrs Webb caught hold of her and got
her to put her trousers back on before pushing her over to
stand with the other caned girls.  

Karen was next.  She was one of the two girls I had specially
noticed at first.  She was a strikingly pretty girl who, with
her well-developed bust and tight denim jeans, looked more
like a fashion model than a schoolgirl.  In addition to her
non-regulation clothing she also wore make-up and had painted
nails -also strictly against the rules.  All in all she looked
nearer twenty than seventeen, except for the expression on her
face.  Vikki told me later that Karen had a reputation as one
of the naughtiest girls at the school and was one of four
girls there that day who had had the cane before.  Mrs Webb
indicated that she would deal with Karen.  

She reminded Karen that she had been warned several times
about school uniform and punished only the week before for
wearing jeans.  She had therefore decided that Karen would
receive four extra strokes - eight in all.  She also said that
if the punishments had been in private she would have taken
Karen's panties down for the caning and that she would do so
if Karen was ever sent to her again!  She waited while Karen
wriggled out of her jeans and said, meaningfully  "I'm going
to make sure that you won't forget this in a hurry, my girl!"  

As Karen bent over the chair she displayed a well-shaped,
fully mature bottom, scantily clad in a pair of close fitting
panties - white with pink flowers.  Mrs Webb took hold of the
girl's panties and pulled them up tight, revealing more and
more pale pink flesh.  Nothing like this had been done when
the other girls had been punished and it was obvious that the
headmistress intended to make sure that Karen really felt her
caning.  

Karen's body quivered as Mrs Webb laid the cane across her
bottom as the prelude to the punishment.  The headmistress
really laid it on, and it was obvious that she was hitting her
much harder than she had either Cathy or Sheila.  Karen was
yelling and begging for mercy long before the eighth stroke
fell, but managed to remain in position throughout.  As the
last stroke crashed into her wildly-jiggling hindquarters she
howled in a high-pitched scream, her whole body shaking with
pain.  She got up when told to, slowly and with deliberate
movements.  Like the other girls her hands went straight to
her rear, but the cane marks were very obvious on either side
of her panties.  It took a while for her to manoeuvre herself
back into her jeans before she limped over to join the other
three caned girls.  

There was a pause of a few seconds now before the next girl
came out.  I wondered if it could be Vikki's turn next.  After
a moment or two Mrs Webb said "All right.  Who's next in
alphabetical order?  Any time-wasting will be punished!"  

A little Asian girl stumbled forwards, half-propelled by one
of her neighbours.  With down-cast head she slowly crawled
towards the chair.  When she reached it, before bending over
it she turned to look at her mother, who was sitting a few
chairs away from me.  I couldn't help feeling sorry for her,
her eyes looked so large and sad.  Vikki told me that evening
that her name was Kamilah Khan and that she was normally very
well-behaved but that she had been dragged into the fight by
some other girls.  

She was wearing full school uniform, and her pert little
upturned bottom in its blue school panties received its four
strokes from the gym mistress's cane.  Despite Kamilah's
evident fear she took her punishment very bravely and no sound
escaped her lips during the infliction.  I could see that Miss
Baker increased the ferocity of her strokes so as to elicit
some reaction, but Kamilah remained mute even after the fourth
stroke which landed across her bottom with a noise like an
exploding firework.  But the way she held her little bottom
when told to get up and the slow, painful way in which she
hobbled over to join the other girls by the wall made clear
that she had really felt her caning.  I looked over towards
Mrs Khan, but her impassive expression had not altered.  

When Kamilah had joined the other caned girls the next culprit
walked forward.  This was the tall girl with the punkish
hairstyle wearing a mini skirt.  From her appearance I
concluded, correctly as it turned out, that this must be
Lesley Marling, of whom Vikki had told me many stories.  

She was supposed to be a complete slag, sleeping with any boy. 
She paid scant regard to any school rule and had felt the
sting of Mrs Webb's cane more often than any girl there that
day.  When she reached the chair she tossed her head and bent
down, wriggling her bottom provocatively.  

As she bent her tiny red skirt inched upwards and when she was
in position her bottom was fully exposed.  Her white pants
were almost microscopically tiny and afforded her bottom
almost no protection at all.  Mrs Webb prepared to carry out
her punishment and announced that, like Karen, she would
receive eight strokes.  

Once again the headmistress really laid it on.  Lesley took it
very well, considering, but she jumped up after the eighth
stroke without having been given permission.  Immediately, and
despite Lesley's tearful protestations, Mrs Webb got Miss
Baker to hold her down.  Then she delivered two biting whacks
with her utmost energy.  Poor Lesley struggled wildly, but
unsuccessfully, in the gym mistress's grasp and her shrieks as
those two strokes landed could have wakened the dead.  It
seemed unfair as Anna had also jumped up after her last stroke
without permission but, according to Vikki it was really
Lesley who was most to blame for what had happened on the
coach, so I suppose she deserved it.  

It was now the turn of my daughter, Vikki.  It looked as
though she was already crying, but she still didn't look me in
the eye.  The gym mistress caned Vikki, four of the best over
her school panties.  Poor Vikki's backside had never felt
anything worse than a gentle slap from the palm of my hand
before, and now she jumped and yelled at each stroke after the
first one.  

However, with Lesley's example before her, she managed to get
back into position each time.  But after the last stroke,
which seemed almost to cut her in half, she leapt up with a
piercing yell of agony almost two feet in the air, it seemed. 
When she came down she began to rub her exquisitely sore
behind frantically, with her skirt still pinned up to her
blouse.    

I was frightened that she would be given two extra penalty
strokes as Lesley had been.  But the teachers must have known
that Vikki had been punished enough already and Mrs Webb
unpinned her skirt and watched with a half smile as she
stumbled over to join her friends in a symphony of sobs.  

I felt every stroke of Vikki's punishment as if the cane had
been smashing into my own backside and when it was over I
longed to run up to her, take her in arms and kiss and comfort
her, telling her how brave she'd been.  But I couldn't do
anything.  I had to watch as she lined up next to Lesley and
took her hands away from her little bottom to place them
behind her neck, tears of pain and shame running down her
pretty face.  I knew that Vikki had been very naughty and had
deserved to be punished, but I would never have hit her like
that and I felt angry at the young gym mistress for hitting
her so hard.  

Vikki's place across the chair was taken by Suzanne, a rather
plump girl who was not wearing school uniform.  Instead she
wore a fetching knitted dress, blue with horizontal golden
stripes on the skirt.  She was another girl who had been caned
before.  

Mrs Webb resumed her place and lifted and pinned back the
skirt to reveal Suzanne's light blue panties.  Then she began
the punishment apparently as strong as ever.  Suzanne took the
first two strokes in silence, although her squirmings and
wrigglings after each whack showed that the burning pain of
the cane was certainly getting through to her.  At the third
stroke she let out a sort of gasp, and at the fourth a long
moan.  Mrs Webb paused before applying the fifth stroke, which
she brought down hard across the lowest part of girl's bottom. 
Suzanne threw back her head and screamed loudly.  Almost
immediately the final terrific impact of the cane landed in
the same place, and Sue repeated the performance even louder. 
Then her skirt was unpinned and she was allowed to limp across
and join her weeping colleagues in disgrace.  

Mrs Webb gave way to allow the gym mistress to deal with the
next culprit.  This was Caroline, a tall well-built girl
wearing a brightly coloured sweatshirt and faded denim jeans. 
Caroline had at first not looked so distressed as the other
girls.  Vikki told me later that she had thought that she
would be caned over her jeans and had joked to the other girls
about how glad she was that she had worn them because of the
protection they would give her bottom.  But now that she had
seen the other punishments, and particularly Karen's, her
cockiness had gone.  She was obviously worried that she might
get eight strokes, like Karen, and was obviously relieved when
Mrs Webb announced that she would receive six strokes.  

Miss Baker caned Caroline efficiently.  The tall schoolgirl
yelped at each stroke and only just avoided extra strokes when
she stood up and cradled her bottom after number five. 
Luckily for her rear she bent back down voluntarily just as
Mrs Webb was getting ready to hold her down.  When the caning
was over it took her nearly a minute to pull her jeans back
on.  

The next girl to walk forward was Melanie Roberts, whom I knew
as a friend of Vikki's who had often visited our house.  I
knew that Melanie was very sensitive to pain and made a
terrible fuss over the tiniest bruise, so I couldn't imagine
what a caning would do to her.  It looked to me at first as if
she was wearing school uniform, but on looking closely you
could see that her skirt was light blue and not the regulation
grey.  The headmistress made no exception - it was to be six
strokes.  Melanie's face wore an expression of sheer panic,
she had already started crying quietly to herself.  

Mrs Webb administered Melanie's caning.  The fifteen year old
stayed bent over the chair for the first stroke, which
elicited a frantic howl, but as the second stroke walloped
across her panties she jumped upright and twisted around to
face us.  "Ooowh Mum!" she yelled, "Make her stop!  Ow ow ow! 
It hurts too much . . . please!"  

But Mrs Roberts was unsympathetic.  "Get back over that chair,
Melanie!" she said "Don't be such a little coward!"  Poor
Melanie looked dumbstruck.  Mrs Roberts turned and whispered
to me "This is exactly what Melanie has been asking for. 
It'll do her the world of good!  The number of times I've
asked Frank to put her across his knees . . ."  

So Melanie was bent down over the chair once more, this time
in Miss Baker's strong grip.  The headmistress took her time
over the caning.  Melanie made a tremendous fuss, yelling and
screaming at the top of her voice and struggling wildly.  But
she could not escape from Miss Baker's strong hands and her
frantic kickings just made things worse for her.  Mrs Webb did
not stop until Melanie had received her full eight strokes.  

When the infliction was finally over Miss Baker unpinned
Melanie's skirt and released her grip.  The squirming girl
fell on to the floor and remained there, rolling over and
over, her hands thrust desperately under her skirt to try to
assuage the stinging pain.  Mrs Webb allowed her about half a
minute and then grasped her by an ear and pulled her upright
before pushing her over to join her comrades in disgrace.  

The next girl, Elaine Swanton, could not have been more of a
contrast.  She was the last of the girls who had had previous
experience of Mrs Webb's cane.  She was wearing full school
uniform and cheekily smiled at us as she came forward.  She
rolled up her skirt herself and then bent forward and jauntily
stuck her bottom in the air as if challenging the teachers to
do their worst.  

The gym mistress did her best to wipe the smile off Elaine's
face and delivered four vicious cuts.  But Elaine made no
sound and remained firmly in position throughout.  After the
last stroke she stayed down until Mrs Webb told her to get up
and then she walked calmly over to the wall.  Unlike all the
other girls she did not try to comfort her caned bottom, but
kept her hands by her side.  When she reached the wall she
turned and looked at the gym mistress and smiled again and
then faced the wall and put her hands behind her neck.  But
despite her courage Elaine, too, had been hurt.  As I
continued to watch I saw her hopping in discomfort from foot
to foot and heard her sharp intakes of breath when she thought
no one was paying attention.  

The girl who walked forward next was also in full school
uniform, but it was different to that worn by the others,
being a blue jacket and a navy blue skirt as opposed to the
grey worn by the others.  Vikki told me later that this was
Sandra Turner who had been the sixth form prefect in charge of
supervising the ill-fated coach party.  No doubt if a teacher
had been responsible he or she would have been sacked, as it
was a prefect she was caned - after first being removed from
her position.  

Vikki told me that most of the girls agreed that it was unfair
that Sandra got the cane as she had done as much as she could
to stop the trouble.  Sandra was known as a very quiet girl,
almost a teacher's pet, and at almost nineteen must surely
have never guessed that she would have to bend over for the
cane.  But she didn't argue, she walked forward slowly, but
steadily, with downcast head and bent over the chair without
protest.  As she raised Sandra's skirt out of the way Mrs Webb
explained that it was only very rarely that she found it
necessary to cane sixth formers and that when she had to carry
out such a punishment she gave a minimum of six strokes.  

Sandra duly received six resounding whacks from that whippy
cane.  Like Elaine she managed to stay in position throughout,
scarcely moving, but her anguished cries as the last three
cuts of cane dug in showed that despite its unaccustomed
exercise Mrs Webb's right arm was as powerful as ever.  Sandra
was weeping quietly as she hobbled over to stand next to the
other caned girls.  

Only three girls now remained with uncaned bottoms - Mandy
Weston, Claire Wetherby and Lynda White.  And of these three
only Mandy could expect the minimum four strokes as she was
the only one in school uniform.  Claire, a tall and rather
overweight girl, was wearing orange trousers, while Lynda -
the smallest and youngest girl involved in the incident - wore
a tight red dress.  

Mandy and Claire both took their canings well and neither
needed to be restrained.  Miss Baker used Mandy's caning to
demonstrate that Elaine's lack of response had not been due to
any diminishing of her vigour.  When it was over Mandy spent
almost a minute jumping up and down holding on to her outraged
rear before being persuaded to stumble over to join the
others.  I remember Claire's punishment too - the cane denting
deeply into the girl's large panty-clad posterior and bouncing
back again.  She took it in silence but I remember her
agonized face and seeing her biting her lower lip to hold back
a cry of pain when it was all over and she had received the
sixth stroke.  

The last girl of all was Lynda White who was the shortest and,
at fourteen, the youngest girl to be punished that day.  Poor
little Lynda had seen all her companions caned one by one and
she did not escape lightly by being the last girl to be dealt
with.  She leapt upright with a frantic yell after only two
strokes and was then held down by Miss Baker for a further six
stingers which were delivered across her bright red panties
with undiminished ferocity.  When she was released it was
impossible to imagine poor little Miss White sitting down
again in any degree of comfort for a very long time to come.  

Finally the bitterly weeping Lynda, hands behind her neck,
joined the other punished girls.  Mrs Webb told them all to
turn around and she gave them all a long lecture.  She told
them that they all, except for Sandra Turner, had to write out
'I must behave properly and with decorum during school hours'
100 times, to be handed in before assembly the next day. 
Sandra had to write 'Being a school prefect entails
responsibilities as well as privileges' 100 times.  In
addition those girls who had been punished for not wearing
school uniform had to write 'I must wear school uniform to
school' 50 times.  Mrs Webb warned the girls to have the lines
done in time - swishing her cane meaningfully to indicate the
consequences if they were not!  She then dismissed the girls.  

When we got to the car Vikki found sitting down intensely
painful and she perched uncomfortably above the seat,
supporting her weight on her hands and squeaking and squealing
in pain for the whole of the journey home.  Her bottom was
obviously very sore and she ate her tea that evening standing
up - like a horse as I remarked humorously to try to ease the
tension.  She wrote her lines standing up as well and then
went to bed early.  I don't think she got a lot of sleep that
night, though.  

Next morning, at breakfast, I watched as she slowly lowered
herself down onto a chair.  She winced as her wealed bottom
made contact with the chair seat.  I asked her how she was
feeling.  She told me that she was much better but that she
was still feeling very tender and that the cane had left nasty
bruises.  I said that she had had a well-deserved lesson and
that I hoped she would benefit from it.  She was in a very
subdued and quiet mood and hardly spoke.  We made sure that
she was in full uniform and that she had her lines and she
left for school - a good half hour before her usual time.  She
handed her lines in to Mrs Webb and that was the end of the
matter so far as she was concerned.  Some of her friends were
not so lucky, however.  

All the girls presented themselves in Mrs Webb's office in
full school uniform and handed in their lines.  But Claire and
Melanie had not written the required quantity - not expecting
the headmistress to check thoroughly - and, although Lynda and
Anna had written all their lines, Mrs Webb decided that they
were too badly written to be acceptable.  The other girls were
allowed to go, leaving the four defaulters behind.  Vikki
found out what happened next from Melanie.  

Mrs Webb must have thought that the girls' bottoms had
suffered enough because she made them hold out their
non-writing hands for two stinging cuts of the cane.  Melanie
told Vikki that it hurt even more on the hand than on the bum. 
Poor little Lynda was unlucky again.  This time she was the
first to be caned and she was taken by surprise by the intense
sting of the first stroke.  Apparently she let a swear word
out and Mrs Webb administered a further two strokes to her
other hand in retribution.  

After this incident Vikki's behaviour certainly improved, both
at home an at school.  It proved to me that she was not too
old to go over my knee and from then on naughtiness was
punished with a sharp dose of the slipper over her pyjama
bottoms.  She was never caned at school again.   
