Archive-name: Family/ali-aa.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ali


It was a fine spring day, and Judge Robert Fulton was content.
He was a County Judge in Indiana, and tall, stocky black man,
with a large, thick cock, and an unlimited appetite for white
pussy. He was a man of almost unlimited powers, too. As a
Judge, he was responsible for the sentencing of any criminals
that appeared before him. Any drug related charge was a
guaranteed conviction, time in the slam if the criminal was a
man. If it was a woman, there was guaranteed punishment, too.
Though if it was a woman, the punishment just might take a
different form- it might just include a visit to a certain school
run by his friend Emily. If it did, it was guaranteed to include
something else. a thorough, stark naked spanking, applied with a
strop or a bamboo cane, usually applied by Jasmine, a sturdy
black girl, or else by Tom, a stocky black guy. And it might,
just might, include insertion of his thick black prick into an
asshole. The Judge was just hell on crime in that county.

Right then, there were events unfolding in Chicago that he did
not know about. These events would result in his being handed
two new specimens to work on, two specimens who would enable him
to realize a tremendous fantasy of his. It would turn out that
these two would be unaccounted for, not on any record anywhere.
He could do what he pleased with them, not having to worry about
difficult questions being asked that might come back to bite him
later. The Judge was a great one for doing things in such a way
that his own tail was always covered. He worked closely with the
Mayor of the town, the Chief of Police, the Public Prosecutor and
half a dozen other officials. The Judge kept them all well
fucked, and had them all implicated in his schemes, so they all
knew that if any one went down they all might. In that town,
politics was everything, and this group was in charge of
everything. Maybe there was some graft, too--- but certainly the
Judge was not interested in that. He had enough money, he had
enough power, and he had enough pussy (and now and then a nice
young white boy). He had his fantasies and had the means to see
them just about all realized.

Now, what was happening in Chicago that was so different?
Ali, at age 15, was not very different from most other high
school girls, at least in appearance. She was pleasant looking,
with a good figure- perhaps a bit bigger in the bust than some of
the other girls, and maybe a tiny bit rounder in the hips and
thighs, but her costume made her look like all the others. Day
after day, she would go to school wearing jeans and sweaters, and
if the jeans had holes that were patched to give them an aged
look, and if they showed bleach streaks from a million washings,
so much the better. If she wanted fancy clothes, perhaps her
mother might have bought them for her, but she really had no use
for them and no interest in them. Ali was also a virgin, or at
least a demi virge. Nothing had yet been in her tight pussy
except a finger- a boys, once, and her own, many times. Nothing
very different about her girlfriends-- basically all were also 15
year old virgins.

What was different about Ali was her home situation. Her parents
had long ago been divorced. She lived with her mother in the
house that they had moved into when her mother remarried. She
was the new member in that family- a new step-father, and a step-
brother, Walter, who was a high school senior, that she did not
like and did not trust. Walter was, she felt certain,
responsible for the regular state of disrepair of the bathroom
door lock. If she got into the bath-tub, she could almost depend
on Walter walking through the door and peering at her as she
screamed at him from behind the shower curtain. She had no great
love for her new step-father, either. Especially lately, he had
been picking at her, complaining when she was out too late, and
bitching about her friends, how they talked too much and too
loud.

Recently too there had been an episode that bothered her. She
was walking through the house when her step-father squeezed her
pretty bottom through her jeans, and a couple of times, had
goosed her when she bent over. Several times, when he was in a
more friendly mood, he had told her what a pretty figure she had.

And any time she was wearing anything that was tight around her
rump, his eyes would follow her everywhere she went. Now she was
careful not to bend over, at least when he was around, or Walter
either, for that matter.

Well, tonight she was not thinking about that. Her mother had
gone to visit her grandmother in Texas, so she was alone in the
house with the steps- as she called them. But right now she
wasn't home. She had gone to a high school sophomore dance with
her friends, and afterwards, about 10:00 PM they had all gone in
a large group to one friends house- where there had been some
drinking, some smooching, some mild petting and wild kissing,
some more drinking. This had gone on until late. She had let
things get just a little out of control. A boy who she liked had
managed to get his hands up under her sweater, gotten her bra
unhooked, and was petting her very responsive bare breasts while
he was madly kissing her, thrusting his tongue deep into her
mouth. She knew he had a hardon- he was rubbing it against her,
but he didn't try to take it out or to make her hold it. last
year, a different boy had gotten her that far- bra unhooked,
titties out, and he had taken out his dickie and made her hold it
in her hand. It was kind of fun, and when she squeezed it, she
got it to squirt. That was not going very far. All her
girlfriends nowadays did two-way petting, though she had never
let a boy finger-fuck her yet, she knew that it would happen
soon. Her girl friend Sally had managed to put her finger into
Ali's pussy once, or maybe twice, and even wanted to kiss it for
her, but that she did not want to think about.

While all this was happening, it was getting very late. She
would have been scared about that normally, but with her mother
out of town, she really expected that when she got home, no
matter what time it was that nobody would know the difference or
care. So she was in no great hurry, played and petted some more,
had her nipples touched (ooh, don't tell-- even kissed a little
bit, which felt sooooo good).

It was long past midnight when she was driven home. The house
was dark. She thought that everybody was sleeping. She quietly
opened the front door, locked it behind her, and was walking
through the dark hall, when a hand reached out and grasped her
wrist. Her step-father held her, smelled her breath, and yelled
out loud at her, "You're drunk, you slut."

He pulled her close, and began to lecture her, loudly, almost
violently, and when she protested, he slapped her face. She was
angry now, and yelled back at him, giving him as good as she got.

Very soon he decided that he had enough of that and grabbed her
by the hair and violently pulled, tumbling her over his lap. She
did not know how it happened, but in a moment he had pulled down
her jeans- and her pink panties, too- and using his hard, bare
hand began a slow, very hard spanking, bringing her to tears
immediately. He quickly decided that this would not be enough.
He took off her shoes, pulled the jeans and panties entirely off
of her, spanked her again, even harder than before, and then
removed her sweater. And then he noticed that her bra was
unhooked and her breasts bare. She was now nude, badly scared,
and very badly spanked-- and crying hysterically. Even more so
when her step father pulled her legs apart and tested her
virginity by thrusting a long finger into her pussy, very
painfully.

He went no further with her. He simply left the room, but turned
on the hall light in the process. In the dim glow, she
discovered that Walter had been there the entire time, listening,
watching. And very soon, Walter was as nude as she was, his
rigid cock erect, large, pointing at her. Walter grabbed her
hair, held her, played with her breasts, with her ass. He too
stuck his finger into her cunt. And then Walter pulled her face
down and told her that he was going to teach her to respect him,
to do as she was told. He rubbed his erect cock against her
lips, slapped her in the face and demanded that she kiss it. Now
absolutely terrified, she did what he demanded, opened her mouth
when ordered to, sucked his hard prick, and soon felt the
disgusting sensation of him cumming in her mouth and ordering her
to swallow it down.

Walter left the room, leaving Ali alone, frightened and
disgusted. She sneaked upstairs to her bedroom, undressed, and
got naked into bed. She thought about the awful events of this
day- the fun she had petting at the party, and then the terrible
sensation of being stripped naked and spanked by that terrible
man, her step-father. And what Walter did, well, that was
incredible, awful, disgusting, showing her his nasty prick, so
ugly, so hard, making her hold it that way, and making her kiss
it and suck it, too. And think of that, the terrible thing,
making her take it in her mouth and suck it, and then squirting
her mouth full and forcing her to swallow it all down. How
disgusting!!!! One thing she was glad of- that he did not try to
fuck her. That would really have been bad news. Still, both he
and his father had stuffed a finger into her pussy, and that was
really a first for her .She suddenly felt very excited, ran her
own hands over her body, massaged her upstanding breasts and
their now very erect nipples. And when she rubbed her hands over
her cunny, as mama had taught her never to do, it now felt
creamy, excited. A finger teased its way inside. And very soon,
she had brought herself to a wild orgasm, cumming once and very
soon, again.

The following day, Ali tried hard not to think about last night's
events. She thought for a second about calling her mother in
Texas, but she knew that her mother would have been furious with
her for staying out late and especially for drinking, and she was
really afraid that all that it would get her would have been a
further, much more thorough spanking. Her mama believed in the
old adage, "spare the rod and spoil the child" and Ali had real
memories to prove that her mother didn't just talk about
spanking, she believed in it and practiced it. She was perfectly
willing to take a leather strap to Ali's big naked bottom and to
spank her until she was screaming hysterically, begging for
mercy. Mama did not care that the whole house could hear it when
Ali got punished. They could hear every stroke, every scream.
And every cock in the house was erect while this went on. Joe,
Ali's stepfather would hear and wait with a furious erection for
Stella, Ali's mama, to finish. Then he would slip Stella out of
the robe that she always wore when punishing Ali, find her
steaming hot, too. And they would fuck gloriously. Little did
Ali know that her punishment was foreplay for mama and papa. And
Walter, too, for that matter. He would be furiously erect when
this happened, stroking his cock in his hand, visualizing the
scene- Ali's naked ass being punished, and imagining what he
wanted to do, to follow in there after Stella left, and put this
huge hard rod of his into Ali and squirt there instead of into
his handkerchief.

What she did not know was that after Ali had gone to bed that
Walter had a conversation with his father and had told him that
Ali got all excited from the spanking and had sneaked into his
room and there, sucked his cock. His father believed it. He
decided that some further treatment was required, but so far he
had not exactly figured out what. That evening, after work, he
stopped off with two friends for a hamburger and a couple of
beers. These two guys, a tall, slender black guy of about 40,
named Jesse, and a husky white guy, big and muscular, and also
about 40, named Wilbur, were treated to the whole story.... that
is, that Ali had stayed out late and gotten tipsy drunk, and when
she got home she got spanked for it, spanked hard on her bare
ass. And after that she had gone into Walter's room and sucked
his prick.

The white guy had a daughter who was always into one kind of
minor scrape or another, and he thought that a spanking was the
best treatment in the world for a misbehaving young cunt. The
black guy had a number of young nieces, all problems, and thought
that all young girls were misbehaving young cunts, and that a
whipping was absolutely the best way to handle them.. especially
if somebody gave them a fucking in the ass afterwards. The fact
that by this time these guys had consumed a lot of beer had
nothing to do with it. Ali's stepfather Joe then bought a couple
of more sixpacks, and since nobody had anything important to do
that evening, they went to Joe's house, intending to watch the
ball game on TV.

Ali had been studying with her girlfriend Sally, at Sally's
house. She came home early. When she saw a strange car parked
in front of the house, she really thought nothing about it. When
she walked in the front door, she immediately saw the three of
them sitting in the living room, the drapes drawn, beer cans all
over the coffee table, the TV on and blaring. She walked right
past them, saying nothing, still angry at Joe about last night.
He called out to her, "aren't you going to say hello to me and my
friends?"

She gave a snooty glance at them and continued walking. Jesse
said, "you sure didn't get to her with that spanking you gave her
yesterday. She's sure giving you lip today!" Wilbur looked at
the rear view of her, at the exciting way she filled out the
jeans she was wearing. He agreed.

Joe got up, walked after her, caught up with her down the hall,
and by the hair hauled her right back into the living room. He
demanded that she apologize. She refused to say anything. Joe,
now angry and embarrassed for his friends to see this happen,
pulled his leather belt out of its loops, doubled it up and waved
it in her face. She was now frightened, but she knew that Joe
would do nothing to her in front of his friends. She was in
total shock when he forced her over the end of the couch, pulled
her jeans down, pulled her panties down, and whaled her hard with
the leather belt across her upturned ass. After half a dozen
strokes, he pulled off her sweater and bra, forced her hands
behind her back, and showed her off fully naked to the other two.

Wilbur unzipped his fly, took out a large, thick, erect cock. He
said that he heard she liked to suck a prick after a spanking, so
let her get over here and get down on this one. Joe forced her
over to him, forced her to kneel down, and now pinching her
nipples hard, made her open her mouth and take Wilbur's prick in
it and suck it. This went on for a while until Wilbur could hold
back no longer, and suddenly exploded, shooting a large, thick,
oily load of hot cream.

Ali felt sick at the sensation. Her behind felt aflame from the
leather strap. She had sucked her second cock in two days, and
for the second time, was incredibly excited. All she wanted to
do was to go alone to her bedroom so that she might lie nude on
her bed, and to think about this event....and to play. Nobody
stopped her. She grabbed her clothes and walked, her body
jiggling in its youthful beauty, as she climbed the stairs to the
second floor. Joe, watching, was hard and excited. Jess said to
him, "you think she still got her cherry?"

Joe thought that she did. He also thought that his cock was hard
as iron and that he had to do something. He walked up the stairs
after Ali, and while standing in the hall outside her closed
door, stripped nude. He tried the door. It was closed, but not
locked. He forced his way in, and noting that she was in the
bathroom, lay nude on her back, his rigid prick standing straight
up. He heard the toilet flush, the water faucet in the wash
stand go on, and then off, and then the door opened and out came
Ali, nude.

She looked up at the bed, saw him, and gasped. "Get over here,
bitch," he said. "Right now!!"

He looked at her as she stood there staring at him. She looked a
great deal like her mother, the same large, very shapely breasts,
the same full hips, the same marvelous, full ass and full thighs.
Ali's nipples were full but her aurioles were smaller, but they
were the same shade of brown, and the nipples were erect- just
like mama's. Ali's pubic triangle, the same color brown as
mama's, was not quite so thick. All in all, Ali looked like she
would be a marvelous fuck, exactly like her mother was, warm,
responsive, wildly passionate. Well, maybe she wouldn't be all
that great at first, but she could be taught to be a marvelous
fuck, and Joe decided that no better time to start than right
now.

Ali now knew what Joe wanted. In two days experience, she had
learned that after a man spanks you, he insists on having his
cock sucked. She supposed that Joe was going to demand that from
her, and she approached him. He grabbed her, flipped her up on
the bed next to him, pulled her thighs roughly apart, and with
surprising gentleness, inserted a finger into her pussy. It was
creamy wet, like he had an idea it might be. He bent forward,
stared at it, thinking that there is no sight on this earth like
young, brand new cunt. To her surprise, he touched her pussy
with his lips, thrust out his tongue, and tasted her. He loved
the feeling and she responded immediately, unconsciously, her
hips now moving in a parody of the movement of intercourse,
responding to the tongue fucking that she was getting. In what
seemed only a second, her emotions began to boil over. She could
feel herself rising towards that sensation that she got when she
played with herself alone in bed at night. She was going to
cummmmmmmmmmmmmm. But Joe stopped. He got above her, pulled her
legs wide apart, and inserted the pointed tip of his very large,
uncircumcised cock into her warm, very wet, very excited vulva.
Slowly, gently, he entered, an inch or so at a time, withdrawing
half way, and then stroking further forward, hurting her only a
little bit....not nearly so much as the spanking he had given her
before.......until he was in all the way, full depth in gorgeous,
steamy virgin cunt. This was far too good to last, far too
exciting for him to be able to hold back his orgasm. After only
a few strokes, he was ready.........and noticed that she seemed
ready too, her hips wiggling wildly, her bottom thrusting up and
down. He came loudly into her, and felt her respond, felt her
cumm with him.

Suddenly, he heard the door open, and looking up he saw Jesse,
now standing nude, his long, black cock up erect. Joe got up and
went into the bathroom to shower. Jesse stayed, and so did Ali.
Jesse put her hand on his prick and made her stroke it. Then, he
reached over to her dresser, found a jar of cold cream. He
turned her over, stared at her absolutely gorgeous ass, thinking
as he had all evening that he would give a year of his life to be
able to fuck this one in the ass. He opened the jar, took a blob
of the cold cream, and inserted it into her slippery asshole.
She did not know about anal sex. It was something that the girls
had never talked about. She only knew that it felt very
different when he ran his finger deep into her. It did not hurt-
it just felt very tight, very strange, very intimate. And a
moment later, when he pulled apart her cheeks and put the tip of
his rigid dick against her rosette, he slowly forced it in, and
in one slow, long stroke, went all the way up there. She cried
out in surprise, but as he stroked back and forth slowly,
bringing himself to the verge of a quick orgasm. He tried to
hold back. But nothing was going to make this thing slow down
now, and with a grunt, squirted his huge load far into her
bowels.

Another hour passed. Ali lay sobbing, thoroughly confused. She
did not understand her reactions, the feeling of shame and guilt
that she felt for having done these things.........that, plus the
excitement and pleasure that she had gotten from it. She did not
know why people wanted to spank her, and then after they did,
they wanted to do these sexy things to her. Jesse had gone,
content with the idea of having had his chocolate rod all the way
up her anus. Wilbur was gone, having been thoroughly sucked off
by Ali and having squirted his load in her mouth. He was content
for now. Joe was content, but also a little bit concerned. No
question about it, this Ali was a great fuck, and would be
marvelous once she got some more experience. But Joe had to be
careful. No telling how his wife Stella was going to react to
the news that Joe had been fucking her daughter. Maybe he had
better prepare the news in a little different way. Maybe he
should let Stella think that Ali had been out fucking around a
lot, letting many guys take her pants off. If he did that, then
Stella would certainly beat the shit out of her......she would
give Ali a big thrashing with a heavy leather tawse. She would
take the skin of Ali's beautiful ass, but at least nothing that
Ali told her about Joe..and Walter...and Jessee...and
Wilbur..would be believed. Well, he still had a few days before
Stella got back from her mother's house in Texas. In the
meantime, he might as well give this choice young cunt some more
training.

He went back upstairs, again found Ali's door closed, but since
the lock did not work (thank Walter for that) he simply twisted
the knob and pushed his way in. He found her lying nude on her
back in bed, sobbing a bit, but looking very, very sexy. He sat
beside her, petted her titties, felt her nipples harden again,
rubbed his hand across her mound and into her pussy, felt the
moisture there. He put her hand on his cock again, felt her hold
it and felt it rise again into erection. He grabbed her by the
ear and pulled her head down. She took the tip of his prick into
her mouth, sucking it as if this was now her mission in life. He
pulled her mouth away, lay on his back, and pulled her over him
so that her hips were above his now hard cock. He fit it into
her hot hole, pulled on her behind until it was firmly planted in
her, and let her ride above him. He knew that he could last a
very long time this way, especially since he had cum once only an
hour ago, but it did feel absolutely great, the way that it felt
in there and the way that she looked above him, her gorgeous
titties hanging down, her nipples fully erect. He was almost
ready to cum for the second time when the door opened, and Walter
walked in.

Now, he thought, the shit will really hit the fan. He did not
mind Ali sucking Walter's cock. That was really a matter between
two kids. On the other hand, he did not want Walter to be able
to tell Stella anything serious between Joe and Ali. This could
be serious trouble. He did not have to worry. Walter had very
much enjoyed the blow job that Ali gave him yesterday, and he
simply wanted another one. But now that he saw that she was
really fucking, he had slightly different ideas. He also thought
that this one was choice cunt, but he was willing to wait. Now
he saw there was no reason to wait. He did not especially mind
having sloppy seconds after his father. So while they stroked
on, he got undressed and ready, up stiff and hard, stroking it in
his own hand. And when his father obviously had shot his wad,
and Ali climbed off, he flipped her over on her back with her
legs spread, her knees raised, and her cunny sticky wet with
Joe's cumm and her own. He pushed in with no trouble, and felt
what seemed like pure velvet. And like any other 17 year old, he
was able to hold back for only a few strokes before he shot his
own load into her. Joe did not stay there to watch. He walked
out, leaving the two of them together. They talked a little bit,
but Walter did not think it necessary to tell her his idea. That
the fraternity that he was joining was having a party, and he
planned to bring along his kid "sister" as part of the
initiation. Except that she might get initiated, might get
spanked a little bit, and might have the joy of sucking all those
cocks. Now that was going to be in two weeks, and by then, her
mother would be back........that would be a problem right
there.....yes, he had to think about this a little bit.

In the meantime, Ali was worried. She needed to be absolutely
sure that her mother was not going to find out about this
adventure. Ali regretted that the whole thing had started.
Sure, it was very exciting, and all these guys and all the things
they had done to her had made her realize all her fantasies and
even a couple of things she had never thought about. But what
worried her was that mama would hear. Because if mama did hear,
mama would murder her. Mama had a vicious leather strap,
actually a razor strap, and she would embroider Ali's bare ass
with it if she heard. She would give her the thrashing of the
year. Ali decided that she was going to have to be very, very
careful, because if mama did hear, she might go the final step..
to send her off to school at her aunt's house, in Indiana. And
that aunt was somebody who really frightened Ali. That aunt ran
a special school, for problem children, and Ali knew exactly what
the aunt thought was the best method to treat the seat of the
problem. And she cringed at the possibility. Yes, Ali was going
to have to be very careful.

Right now, however, she did not have to worry. Walter was being
very nice to her, gently stroking her nipples and then kissing
them, running his finger into her hot, humid pussy, giving her
very deep soul kisses. She was holding his cock, holding it
gently, stroking it back and forth, and she was getting even more
excited. He was thinking about the sight as she rode on top of
Joe, and decided that he wanted to try it that way, and he
whispered in her ear that he would really like it if she would
come on top. She was glad to. She still did not especially like
Walter, but she certainly did like the things he did to her and
the things he taught her to do. She just loved the feeling,
riding on the top this way, his cock up high and hard into her
cream. Soon enough, she came for him as he gently pinched her
nipples. He squirted again. And they stayed together for
another hour, that night, fucked one more time later before he
finally did go back to his room.

Ali was being very careful the next day at school, saying nothing
at all about it. But after school, she just was too confused,
too excited not to share it with her best friend Sally. She
didn't name names, but just told Sally in general terms what had
happened, that she had been fucked now both fore and aft, and
that she had sucked a prick all the way a few times. Sally
flipped, demanded details, and promised to say nothing. All Ali
said was that Walter had won the big prize. Sally gasped, and
promised to keep her promise of silence. And she did....except
for one tiny little mention of it to her older sister ......who,
of course told her cousin (in complete secrecy)....who told her
girlfriend, who told her mother. By the next day, Ali's mother,
in Texas, had a call that said (in confidence, of course) that
Ali had been fucking the whole school. And Ali's mother was on
the next plane for home, murder in her eyes, and a brand new
leather razor strop in her suitcase. She had purchased it that
day at a barber supply company in Dallas, and had very definite
ideas of exactly what she was going to do with it. She was going
to use it as an artist's pen, to draw a very pretty picture on a
certain naked ass. And when she got through, maybe that person
would not be able to sit down for a week. And that person was
also going to get another treat she did not expect.

Mama had made another purchase- a few ginger suppositories....
the old fashioned Figg that had been used even in Victorian times
to tame a recalcitrant wildcat. The suppositories were designed
for show horse.......inserted in the show horse's anus, it very
quickly made the horse raise her tail in a beautiful attitude.
Inserted in the anus of a young lady, when it melted it made her
try, desperately, to excrete it out, to shit her guts out to cool
off the burning sensation. Nothing would help....The fire would
blaze for a few hours, or at least until she had been given a
hot-oil enema. And she would never,but never, forget it. But
another thing- she would be going to a new school after next
week, that was for sure, and she might just learn a few lessons
there that she never thought of before.

--
