Allison's Diary - Part II, or:

                        The Adventures of Allison & Robert


July 13:  Wow, do I have a tale to fill your ears, dearest Diary!  And I'm
going to give you every juicy detail so I can re-read this whenever I want to
relive last night!  Robert asked me out to dinner last night, you see.  I know,
I know...it's not a good idea to date the boss, but this is different.  Robert
is just so sweet and sexy and he pays such nice attention to me at work, how
could I refuse?  Actually I've been hoping he would make a pass.  We had a
scrumptious dinner at Victoria Station, Prime rib and baked potato with sour
cream and a really great California wine, cab something-or-the-other, anyway it
was good.  We had such a great time, with the good food and he's such a great
conversationalist; we just never made it to the movie we were planning on.

I was in my best summer outfit, green silk with a full skirt and a scoop neck.
It's so soft and whispy, it's almost see-through in the right light.  Because
Robert has been so interested in my boobs at work, sneaking peeks down my top
and all, I tried to sit so there was a light behind me and he could see my tits
silhouetted through the fabric.  I also made sure I bent over a few times so he
got several real good looks during the evening.  In the cab home, I snuggled up
close and rubbed my boobs and hardening nipples against his upper arm.
Naturally, I invited him in for a nightcap when we got back to my apartment.

We were chatting about work and everything when he mentioned casually that
Robyn had told him that I seemed to have a ''special'' interest in Mr.
Bannerman's photo's.  I guess I must have blushed as he said that, but he kept
going asking me what I had found so interesting about them.  When I told him
that they were of a very sexy party, I'm sure he knew right away how much they
had turned me on; my nipples started making little tents on the front of my
dress as I described a few.  With a smile he softly drew me into his and kissed
me, first tenderly and then with more passion.

"You mean, people making love like this?", he said between kisses.

"And much more..."

His hand wandered down and cupped my breast.  My nipples were starting to
throb, and I'm sure he could feel my pulse in them as he gently twisted first
one, and then the other through the thin fabric of my dress.  I was starting to
squirm around quite a bit on the sofa, kissing Robert and sucking on his tongue
as it probed into my mouth.  I could feel his fingers working down the buttons
on my back, and before I knew it the top of my dress was down around my waist
and Robert was nursing on my stone hard nipples.  He looked up at me and let my
nipple slip from his mouth a moment.  It was like a hard brown berry, wet and
gleaming with his saliva in the dim light.

"Did it excite you to see them loving up each other like that?", he asked.

"And like this...?", softly stroking my inner thighs.

"Oh yes, so very much so.  So much that I had to go to the bathroom and take
care of myself.  Please...please, more.", I moaned.

"Robyn was sure you would be a hot one when she first saw you come into the
shop.  And such tits!", he murmured as he let his head fall back to my chest.

Pulling his head down with one hand while I lifted my tit up to his lips with
the other, I pressed my nipple back into his mouth and held him close as he
nursed.  His hands came around my waist and cupped my ass cheeks, lifting my
bottom up off of the sofa as he pulled my dress off and dropped it to the
floor.  I was laying spread eagle on the sofa with one foot on the floor, the
other up over the back cushion.  I lay there fondling and squeezing my tits, my
hips making little involuntary thrusting movements as Robert stood and began to
undress.

The only thing I still had on were my white silk panties, slick and transparent
in the crotch from the widening wet circle of juice pouring from my bubbling
pussy slit.  I couldn't resist sliding my finger up and down my slit as I
watched Robert pull off his shirt and unzip his trousers.  When Robert stepped
out of his pants his hard cock sprang up bobbing just in front of my mouth, a
little glob of clear juice bubbling at the tip.  With a little whimper I stuck
my tongue all the way out and licked up and across that satin purple mushroom,
taking hold of the shaft and rubbing it all across my face and lips.  Robert's
balls were resting on my tits as I sucked up the delicious salty fluids
dribbling from his penis.  His thighs were rubbing across my nipples, the soft
hair stimulating them to ever harder erection and sending electric pleasure
shocks racing to my clit.

He hunched forward, his cock sliding into my throat as I opened my mouth wide
for his sweet penetration.  My moans slipped past the bulging cockhead filling
my throat as I grabbed his ass and pulled him even deeper into mouth-fucking I
dimly felt Robert rip away my panties and my back arched upward in
voluptuousness as his fingers plundered my slippery, open vagina.  Robert
started scooping up my slick pussy oil and smearing it up between my titties
while he continued fucking my mouth.  When my chest was good and wet, he pulled
his cock out of my throat and pressed it in the groove between my breasts.  I
squeezed my tits tight around his rod and rolled my nipples between my fingers
as he started to fuck back and forth.

Meanwhile Robert jammed two fingers deep up inside my cunt and began massaging
my clit with his thumb.  Each time his cockhead slid forward I would lick
across the head and drink the clear juice oozing out of the little hole.
Finally, I started to cum so hard that my ears were ringing and I almost passed
out.  Those tingly pussy spasms seemed like they would go on forever.  Then,
just as my orgasm started to let up a little, Robert let out a deep groan and
began shooting hot jets of pearly cum all over my tits and face.  His hot
liquid hitting my skin immediately set me off again.  I went wild as I spasmed
on his fingers, scooping up his sperm and rubbing it into my skin, licking his
cum from my fingers whenever they came near my mouth.

We finally collapsed in each others arms, holding each other tightly as our
breathing came back to normal, Roberts head pillowed on my tits.

"Well, was Robyn right?", I giggled.

"She always says that it takes one to know one.  Besides, she knows the
effects of Tom Bannerman's photography very well herself." he murmured against
my nipple, making me even more curious about Robyn.



Allison's Diary - Part III, or:
                        The Adventures of Allison & Robyn


July 18:  Today was hot...really hot.  One of those muggy midwest days that
makes you think winter slush isn't so bad after all.  Robyn wasn't at the shop
today, she had a bunch of paperwork to catch up on at home or something.

About 4 o'clock she called in and asked me if I would mind leaving early and
bringing a stack of invoices she needed from the office by their apartment on
my way home -- Robert would close up later.  Naturally I wouldn't refuse;
besides, I've been wanting to see where she and Robert live.

When I got there, Robyn greeted me at the door wearing a short, tunic-style,
beach jacket.  Taking the stack of files from me and putting them on a chair by
the door, she pulled me inside and handed me a chilled glass of white wine.

"Here", she said, "relax and cool off a little.  I really appreciate your
bringing those files.  I've been on the sun-deck all afternoon, trying to get
these supply orders straightened out, and I'm pretty sweaty.  Go ahead and make
yourself at home while I grab a quick shower."

I could hear her puttering around in the bedroom as I sat and sipped my cool
wine.  My eyes landed on a photo album sitting on their coffee table.

"If you'd like to stay, I'll throw us together a light supper, maybe a salad
or something." she called out over the splash of the shower.

"Mmmmm, sounds great." I yelled back, idly opening the album and flipping
through the pages.

My attention was riveted as I immediately recognized Tom Bannerman's
unmistakable work...frame after frame of nude men and women making love in
every conceivable combination.

My crotch was getting moist from more than St. Louis' summer humidity as I
slowly turned the pages. Suddenly my heart leaped as I recognized Robyn's perky
figure kneeling in front of a gorgeous man, her face in his crotch as his cock
filled her throat.

Now the pages I turned were filled with photos of either Robert or Robyn
withvarious partners, obviously fully involved in Tom's special parties.

The sight of my two friends, naked and obviously aroused, caused my breasts to
throb with each heartbeat.

My fingers slipped inside my blouse to my hard nipples as if drawn by magnets,
pinching and teasing as I slowly turned to the next page.

I suddenly felt my pussy clamp down in a mini-climax as I turned a page to find
two half-page enlargements and one full page photo of Robyn.  In one of the
half-page shots she was in the arms of a beautiful blonde woman, their open
mouths locked together in a deep French kiss, their hard nipples pressed
together and their hands deep in each others pussy.

The other picture showed Robyn riding on one man's cock, her head tossed back
and her mouth stuffed full of another man's rigid cock, Robert's cock in fact.
Robyn's nipples were sticking out so far that it was obvious she was cuming,
and from the expressions on their faces the men were pumping her full of hot
semen at the moment the picture was taken.

Most spectacular of all though was the full page photo.

It showed Robyn laying on her back, her head cradled in the blonde woman's lap
with her mouth fastened onto the blonde's nipple.  The photographer was
kneeling between Robyn's knees when he took the picture and her beautiful body
was spread out totally exposed.

She was holding a erect cock in each hand and rubbing them over her hard
nipples.  Obviously these weren't the first cocks she'd enjoyed either, because
her tits, face and belly were streaked with come. What immediately drew my eye
though, was her pussy.

She had obviously just been fucked -- maybe even by the photographer -- because
a white stream was flowing from her wide open vagina, a gaping, dark, welcoming
cavern whose entrance was guarded by the cherry-red sentinel of her erect clit.

"I see you like our family album." Robyn's soft voice murmured at my ear.

I had been so engrossed I didn't realize she had finished her shower and come
up behind me.  I almost ripped abutton from my blouse trying to jerk my hand
out, but she quickly grabbed my wrist and gently led my hand back to my nipple.
Still behind me and looking over my shoulder, she covered my hand on my breast
with her own while her other hand caressed my cheek.

"No...you don't have to stop." she said, kissing my neck.  "I could tell you
were excited by Tom's photography when you came out of the john last week. Then
when Robert told me about your date... Well, it turns me on too, you see".

I turned to look at her and she gently kissed my mouth.

"Have you ever been with a woman, Allison?"

I shook my head, unable to speak.

"But it excited you to see me with a woman, didn't it?" she said softly.

".. Robyn..", was all that I could say as I searched for her mouth with mine
and greedily licked her lips. She walked around the sofa and stood in front of
me, still nude from her shower and more beautiful than her pictures.

Her breasts were small, much smaller than mine, but with puffy areolae and very
long, teat-like nipples, already hard.  Her pussy hair was very fine and
trimmed close, and I could see the little red finger of her clit starting to
poke out at the top of her cunt lips.

With the grace of a ballerina she knelt in front of the sofa and finished
unbuttoning my top.

Spreading my blouse wide she buried her face in the cleft between my breasts
and began to lick me.  Her hands slid up my side to cup my tits as her tongue
slid first up one slope to circle and flick the nipple, then down across the
valley to the other peak.

I reached forward and found her nipples, standing out solid and hard from her
soft skin.  I rolled them back and forth between my fingers as she took my
nipples hungrily into her mouth.

Lifting her mouth from my wet breasts, Robyn looked up into my face, her eyes
glowing.  I pinched one of her nipples and her eyes glazed over.

Another pinch and her head fell forward to my breast, blindly searching to find
my nipple again and suckle.

Without releasing my tit, Robyn swung her body over mine and let her nipples
dangle over my mouth.  I eagerly licked up and captured one with my tongue,
drawing the hard fleshy finger between my lips.

"Her nipple is almost as big as a little boy's cock", I thought to myself as I
wrapped my tongue around the rubbery knob.

By now Robyn had maneuvered the rest of my clothes free and I was completely
naked.  Releasing my breasts from her mouth, she began to lick lower on my
body, presenting the same parts of her anatomy to my eager tongue as she slid
lower and lower.  I couldn't believe how good her skin tasted!

Not a moment too soon did I feel her soft inner thighs pressed against my
cheeks and I could look up into the beautiful pink folds of her sopping cunt.
Her pussy lips were all puffed out and engorged, slick with her juice.  Her
magnificent clit jutted out, glowing red and I could feel the heat radiating
from her vagina on my face.  With a guttural moan, I opened my mouth wide and
pulled her down to me, filling my mouth with her juice as her tongue trailed
down my slit and into my vagina.

Her hard teats were hot coals, burning into my belly as she ate me.

My tongue deep inside her urged her on, her hips thrusting on my face, her
belly mashing my tits so sweetly.  Our thighs clasping the other's face, we
hunched against each other's mouth until together we exploded, groaning into
each other's crotch.  We thrashed in our mutual orgasm, covering each other's
face with our slippery fluids and lashing our tongues deep into each other's
clasping hole.

We lay together on the sofa until it was dark, holding each other tightly and
repeatedly kissing, delighting in our mouths and sharing the taste of our cunts
that lingered on our lips.

"Would you like to come as Robert and my date to Tom's next party?"

I, of course, eagerly nodded "Yes" as she held me in her arms.

August 10:  Tom is quite a photographer.  Robert and Robyn wanted to add my
pictures to their "family album" and of course I immediately agreed.  I think
I'm in love with them both!  Anyway, Tom took a whole series of me the other
day and today we processed and printed them at the shop.

I'm really pleased with the way they turned out.  Tom, Robert and Robyn are
very excited and right this minute are planning where each shot will go in the
album.  Dear Diary, going to JiffyPrint was the best thing I ever did!
Allison's Diary - Part II, or:

The Adventures of Allison & Robert


July 13:  Wow, do I have a tale to fill your ears, dearest Diary!  And I'm
going to give you every juicy detail so I can re-read this whenever I want to
relive last night!  Robert asked me out to dinner last night, you see.  I know,
I know...it's not a good idea to date the boss, but this is different.  Robert
is just so sweet and sexy and he pays such nice attention to me at work, how
could I refuse?  Actually I've been hoping he would make a pass.  We had a
scrumptious dinner at Victoria Station, Prime rib and baked potato with sour
cream and a really great California wine, cab something-or-the-other, anyway it
was good.  We had such a great time, with the good food and he's such a great
conversationalist; we just never made it to the movie we were planning on.

I was in my best summer outfit, green silk with a full skirt and a scoop neck.
It's so soft and whispy, it's almost see-through in the right light.  Because
Robert has been so interested in my boobs at work, sneaking peeks down my top
and all, I tried to sit so there was a light behind me and he could see my tits
silhouetted through the fabric.  I also made sure I bent over a few times so he
got several real good looks during the evening.  In the cab home, I snuggled up
close and rubbed my boobs and hardening nipples against his upper arm.
Naturally, I invited him in for a nightcap when we got back to my apartment.

We were chatting about work and everything when he mentioned casually that
Robyn had told him that I seemed to have a ''special'' interest in Mr.
Bannerman's photo's.  I guess I must have blushed as he said that, but he kept
going asking me what I had found so interesting about them.  When I told him
that they were of a very sexy party, I'm sure he knew right away how much they
had turned me on; my nipples started making little tents on the front of my
dress as I described a few.  With a smile he softly drew me into his and kissed
me, first tenderly and then with more passion.


''You mean, people making love like this?'', he said between kisses.


''And much more...''


His hand wandered down and cupped my breast.  My nipples were starting to
throb, and I'm sure he could feel my pulse in them as he gently twisted first
one, and then the other through the thin fabric of my dress.  I was starting to
squirm around quite a bit on the sofa, kissing Robert and sucking on his tongue
as it probed into my mouth.  I could feel his fingers working down the buttons
on my back, and before I knew it the top of my dress was down around my waist
and Robert was nursing on my stone hard nipples.  He looked up at me and let my
nipple slip from his mouth a moment.  It was like a hard brown berry, wet and
gleaming with his saliva in the dim light.


''Did it excite you to see them loving up each other like that?'', he asked.


''And like this...?'', softly stroking my inner thighs.


''Oh yes, so very much so.  So much that I had to go to the bathroom and take
care of myself.  Please...please, more.'', I moaned.


''Robyn was sure you would be a hot one when she first saw you come into the
shop.  And such tits!'', he murmured as he let his head fall back to my chest.


Pulling his he
Transfer Aborted ...

(51 min. left) ADULT Conference Command? d

Enter the Filename to Download (Enter)=none? allsion2     ison2.sty 
Checking file transfer request.  Please wait ...

  (A) Ascii (Non-Binary)
  (X) Xmodem (Checksum)
  (C) CRC Xmodem (CRC)
  (Y) Ymodem (PCBoard/Qmodem)
  (G) Ymodem-G (PCBoard/Qmodem)
  (I) Imodem (PCBoard/Qmodem)
  (N) None

Protocol Type for Transfer, (Enter) or (N)=abort? a
Download Time:  .6 minutes (approximate)
Download Size:  7168 bytes
Total Will Be:  58721 bytes
Protocol Type:  Ascii (Non-Binary)
File Selected:  ALLISON2.STY
(Enter) Starts, (Ctrl-X) Aborts
Allison's Diary - Part II, or:

The Adventures of Allison & Robert


July 13:  Wow, do I have a tale to fill your ears, dearest Diary!  And I'm
going to give you every juicy detail so I can re-read this whenever I want to
relive last night!  Robert asked me out to dinner last night, you see.  I know,
I know...it's not a good idea to date the boss, but this is different.  Robert
is just so sweet and sexy and he pays such nice attention to me at work, how
could I refuse?  Actually I've been hoping he would make a pass.  We had a
scrumptious dinner at Victoria Station, Prime rib and baked potato with sour
cream and a really great California wine, cab something-or-the-other, anyway it
was good.  We had such a great time, with the good food and he's such a great
conversationalist; we just never made it to the movie we were planning on.

I was in my best summer outfit, green silk with a full skirt and a scoop neck.
It's so soft and whispy, it's almost see-through in the right light.  Because
Robert has been so interested in my boobs at work, sneaking peeks down my top
and all, I tried to sit so there was a light behind me and he could see my tits
silhouetted through the fabric.  I also made sure I bent over a few times so he
got several real good looks during the evening.  In the cab home, I snuggled up
close and rubbed my boobs and hardening nipples against his upper arm.
Naturally, I invited him in for a nightcap when we got back to my apartment.

We were chatting about work and everything when he mentioned casually that
Robyn had told him that I seemed to have a ''special'' interest in Mr.
Bannerman's photo's.  I guess I must have blushed as he said that, but he kept
going asking me what I had found so interesting about them.  When I told him
that they were of a very sexy party, I'm sure he knew right away how much they
had turned me on; my nipples started making little tents on the front of my
dress as I described a few.  With a smile he softly drew me into his and kissed
me, first tenderly and then with more passion.


''You mean, people making love like this?'', he said between kisses.


''And much more...''


His hand wandered down and cupped my breast.  My nipples were starting to
throb, and I'm sure he could feel my pulse in them as he gently twisted first
one, and then the other through the thin fabric of my dress.  I was starting to
squirm around quite a bit on the sofa, kissing Robert and sucking on his tongue
as it probed into my mouth.  I could feel his fingers working down the buttons
on my back, and before I knew it the top of my dress was down around my waist
and Robert was nursing on my stone hard nipples.  He looked up at me and let my
nipple slip from his mouth a moment.  It was like a hard brown berry, wet and
gleaming with his saliva in the dim light.


''Did it excite you to see them loving up each other like that?'', he asked.


''And like this...?'', softly stroking my inner thighs.


''Oh yes, so very much so.  So much that I had to go to the bathroom and take
care of myself.  Please...please, more.'', I moaned.


''Robyn was sure you would be a hot one when she first saw you come into the
shop.  And such tits!'', he murmured as he let his head fall back to my chest.


Pulling his head down with one hand while I lifted my tit up to his lips with
the other, I pressed my nipple back into his mouth and held him close as he
nursed.  His hands came around my waist and cupped my ass cheeks, lifting my
bottom up off of the sofa as he pulled my dress off and dropped it to the
floor.  I was laying spread eagle on the sofa with one foot on the floor, the
other up over the back cushion.  I lay there fondling and squeezing my tits, my
hips making little involuntary thrusting movements as Robert stood and began to
undress.

The only thing I still had on were my white silk panties, slick and transparent
in the crotch from the widening wet circle of juice pouring from my bubbling
pussy slit.  I couldn't resist sliding my finger up and down my slit as I
watched Robert pull off his shirt and unzip his trousers.  When Robert stepped
out of his pants his hard cock sprang up bobbing just in front of my mouth, a
little glob of clear juice bubbling at the tip.  With a little whimper I stuck
my tongue all the way out and licked up and across that satin purple mushroom,
taking hold of the shaft and rubbing it all across my face and lips.  Robert's
balls were resting on my tits as I sucked up the delicious salty fluids
dribbling from his penis.  His thighs were rubbing across my nipples, the soft
hair stimulating them to ever harder erection and sending electric pleasure
shocks racing to my clit.

He hunched forward, his cock sliding into my throat as I opened my mouth wide
for his sweet penetration.  My moans slipped past the bulging cockhead filling
my throat as I grabbed his ass and pulled him even deeper into mouth-fucking I
dimly felt Robert rip away my panties and my back arched upward in
voluptuousness as his fingers plundered my slippery, open vagina.  Robert
started scooping up my slick pussy oil and smearing it up between my titties
while he continued fucking my mouth.  When my chest was good and wet, he pulled
his cock out of my throat and pressed it in the groove between my breasts.  I
squeezed my tits tight around his rod and rolled my nipples between my fingers
as he started to fuck back and forth.

Meanwhile Robert jammed two fingers deep up inside my cunt and began massaging
my clit with his thumb.  Each time his cockhead slid forward I would lick
across the head and drink the clear juice oozing out of the little hole.
Finally, I started to cum so hard that my ears were ringing and I almost passed
out.  Those tingly pussy spasms seemed like they would go on forever.  Then,
just as my orgasm started to let up a little, Robert let out a deep groan and
began shooting hot jets of pearly cum all over my tits and face.  His hot
liquid hitting my skin immediately set me off again.  I went wild as I spasmed
on his fingers, scooping up his sperm and rubbing it into my skin, licking his
cum from my fingers whenever they came near my mouth.

We finally collapsed in each others arms, holding each other tightly as our
breathing came back to normal, Roberts head pillowed on my tits.


''Well, was Robyn right?'', I giggled.


''She always says that it takes one to know one.  Besides, she knows the
effects of Tom Bannerman's photography very well herself.'' he murmured against
my nipple, making me even more curious about Robyn.
 guess I must have blushed as he said that, but he kept
going asking me what I had found so interesting about them.  When I told him
that they were of a very sexy party, I'm sure he knew right away how much they
had turned me on; my nipples started making little tents on the front of my
dress as I described a few.  With a smile he softly drew me into his and kissed
me, first t

Transfer Successfully Completed.  (240 cps avg.)

