(c) Copyright 1997 Angela15  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.











Growing Up with Uncle Jeff
Written by Angela15

CHAPTER ONE
	UNCLE JEFF MOVES IN

	My mom and Dad hadn't been happy together for as long as I could 
remember.  Even at the tender young age of 12 I knew that my family was 
headed for some major changes.  I had friends whose parents were 
divorced and it didn't seem to affect them very much so I figured it 
wouldn't be that much of a change.  I couldn't have been more wrong.
	It was the 14th of January when my father moved out of our home, 
exactly four weeks before my 13th birthday.  I had figured he would move 
across town or maybe to Atlanta with my grandparents(about  minutes 
away), but no, he took a job in Seattle, a world away to a girl who had 
never even been on a plane.  It fact, when I went with my mom and 
brother to say good-bye to my dad it was the first time I had been to 
the airport.  The second time was about two months later when we went to 
pick up my Uncle Jeff.
	After my dad left my mom sat me and David(my brother and phenomenal 
pest) down and explained that until she got back into the job market 
things were going to be very tight around our house. But to help make 
ends meet her brother Jeff was going to come and live with us.  Although 
I didn't remember my Uncle Jeff, David apparently did.  He spent most of 
those two months arguing with my mom and trying to get her to change her 
mind.  I didn't understand why David didn't seem to like Uncle Jeff but 
my mom said he was just mad because Uncle Jeff was getting the bigger, 
basement room.  I guess I should have been the one who was upset because 
I ended up with the small room across from my moms and David got my old 
room and even a television of his own.  But I was so excited about 
having a father figure in the house again that I wouldn't have cared if 
I ended up sleeping in the doghouse.  I must have asked a million 
questions during that time, but all I really remember learning was that 
Uncle Jeff was 6 years older than my mom, who was 36, and he had only 
visited once before, right after I was born. 
	I had always been terrible at being patient and was famous for driving 
my parents crazy whenever I had to wait for something, so you can 
imagine that when the time came to pick Uncle Jeff up at the airport 
everyone was pretty happy about it.  Even David, who had grown used to 
the new arrangements, said he would be glad to have me finally shut-up.  
But after all that waiting, meeting Uncle Jeff turned out to be hardly 
what I had envisioned.  When he stepped off the plane and into the 
terminal I was a bundle of energy and ready to almost explode.  As we 
watched the people(an incredible amount for such a small plane I 
thought) file into the terminal I hadn't even noticed that one man had 
separated from the rest and approached us.  He was a monster of a man 
and towered over us all like a huge building.  Even David, who at 14, 
was already taller than my dad had been had to look up at Uncle Jeff.  
He politely hugged my mom and shook David's hand but looked to me like 
he didn't like doing it.  When my mom introduced me he simply looked 
down at me for a minute and said it was time to go.  All the way home 
everyone sat silent in the car and I can't remember to this day why I 
wasn't chattering as usual, except that it seemed like the fighting and 
tension of my parents marriage had returned.  Once we got home my mom 
showed Uncle Jeff where his room was and he disappeared into it for the 
rest of the day.  And that's pretty much the way things stayed for 
almost a month.  The only times I saw Uncle Jeff were in the mornings 
and at night before bed.  He had decided to remodel his room and he 
spent most of his days busy working on it.  My mom kept me out of the 
way as much as she could and for most of that first month I was 
surprised  if I heard Uncle Jeff say two words to anyone in my family.   
After a few weeks my mom announced that she was going back to work as a 
waitress and needed us to be on our best behavior around the house when 
she wasn't home.  Thinking back on it I hardly even noticed  because she 
left after I went to school in the mornings and was home when I got 
there and it worked out pretty well for a while.  Uncle Jeff started 
work also during this time driving trucks on short hauls and he usually 
came in at night and went straight to his room.  I had gotten used to 
him being distant and there was less money worrying for my mom so we 
were happy, I guess.
	My mom had been at her job for awhile when she learned that she would 
have to start working nights and that pretty much wrecked the routine we 
had established.  I came home one day and found my mom, Uncle Jeff, and 
David waiting for me.  It was going to be our first family meeting 
together.  My mom explained that she was going to be gone more and that 
Uncle Jeff was going to look after us more from now on.  She said he was 
in charge of us and we were to be on our best behavior.  Then Uncle Jeff 
talked to us and gave us some rules.  Although they were basically rules 
already in place, clean up our messes and in bed by nine, it was the 
most I had ever heard him say.  He asked if we had any questions and 
then just went back to his room. 
	The first night my mom worked you would have sworn she was marching off 
to war.  I stood in the door and watched until long after she had gone 
and only turned away when David said it was time for bed.  I was in bed 
at 5 till nine and ready for sleep although it seemed like a long time  
before I did.  About ten Uncle Jeff stuck his head in to check on me and 
I was fast enough to pretend to be asleep, because I knew I was in 
trouble if he caught me awake.  But he just watched me sleeping for a 
second and went downstairs.  The next morning Uncle Jeff woke me for 
school and seemed to be almost a different person.  After gently shaking 
me awake he opened my window and talked about it being a great day 
outside.  He said my mom was dead tired so he was making me breakfast 
and to get dressed and come downstairs.  Before he left my room I swore 
I even saw him smile.  When I got downstairs David was just walking out 
the door and Uncle Jeff was eating his breakfast.  I sat at the table 
and had my first conversation with my Uncle Jeff that morning.  We 
talked so long I even missed the bus and he had to drive me to school, 
but didn't even get mad about it.  I had a really good day at school and 
got home feeling great.  But when I walked in the door I was greeted by 
the old Uncle Jeff again who said barely a word to me as I walked down 
the hallway.  It was on my mind all evening that maybe I had done 
something wrong and made him mad.  That night about ten Uncle Jeff poked 
his head in my door again to see if I was sleeping and I almost 
pretended to be asleep again but this time as he turned to go I asked 
him if he were mad at me.  He stood there in the light for a minute 
looking every bit too large to fit through it.  But after a minute he 
walked into the room and sat on the edge of my bed and asked me why I 
thought that?  After I had explained to him he asked me for my hand and 
I pulled it out from beneath the blankets and he held it and for the 
first time he told me that I was his niece and he loved me.  When he saw 
the grin on my face he pulled me up and hugged me for a really long time 
until he could tell I was getting cold without the blankets and he laid 
me back down.  Then he talked to me about his life and how David and I 
were the first kids he had ever been around and he thought it would just 
take some getting used to.  He promised that he would try and be in a 
better mood and if he couldn't when other people were around he would 
when it was just me and him.  That made me fell a lot better and I told 
him so. And  then he said it was time for his "secret friend" to get 
some sleep and he started to leave, then he turned around and asked me 
for a goodnight kiss.  I said OK and he bent over and kissed me on the 
corner of my mouth.  He told me he was going to have to teach me how to 
give goodnight kisses, but he was laughing so I knew he was only messing 
with me and I went to sleep.   The next morning my mom woke me up and I 
went downstairs to eat breakfast.  We were the only ones there so I 
asked where Uncle Jeff was and she said still asleep.  I asked her if I 
could wake him up and she said OK but only to knock.  I went to his room 
and knocked on the door and he asked who it was and I told him.  He said 
for me to come on in and I did. He was laying in his bed with the covers 
up to his stomach and he had a lot of hair on his chest. He saw me 
looking and asked what I was looking at and I told him he looked like a 
monkey or something. He just laughed and asked what my mom was doing and 
I told him cooking breakfast and asked if he wanted some.  He said no 
but asked if I had told my mom what he had told me last night.  I said 
no and he said good cause he would be embarrassed if she knew kids made 
him nervous.  Then he asked if we were still secret friends and I said 
yes and he asked for a good morning kiss and so I leaned over to kiss 
his cheek but he just slapped my bottom and said that's for calling him 
a monkey.  The day went by pretty fast and that night I was getting 
ready for bed when Uncle Jeff knocked on my door and asked to come in.  
He said David was asleep and he had a late birthday present for me.  
When I opened the present it was a shirt with hair drawn on the front 
like a gorilla and he said it was a nightshirt and now we could both be 
a monkey chest.  I laughed and he told me to try it on and would be back 
in a minute.  After he left I tried it on but it was too short and the 
top button was missing and he came back and I told him through the door 
it didn't fit and he said to let him see and he would decide.  He came 
in and asked me to show him so I took my robe off and he asked me to 
turn around and I did although it felt like he could see my undies under 
the bottom.  He told me it was supposed to fit that way and if I didn't 
like it he would take it back.  I said no I liked it and would wear it.  
He said I had to wear it every night so he would know we were friends 
and I said OK but we would have to fix the button and he said we would.  
Then I climbed into bed and he sat down on the edge and told me he was 
glad we were friends cause he had thought about moving out before but he 
was happier now.  I told him good and he started to leave and I said hey 
silly where's my good night kiss and he smiled and said OK. Then he bent 
over and kissed my cheek and pretended to bite me.  He said that's for 
the monkey chest comment and then he pulled my covers down and said look 
you have a monkey chest too and we both laughed. Then he said it was 
getting  late and asked if I wanted a real goodnight kiss and I said 
yes. Then he bent over and kissed me good night, right on my mouth and 
when he kissed me he pulled the covers up on me again and let his hand 
touch my chest.  Then he stood up and said he would see me in the 
morning.  I knew that he liked me though and I went to sleep happy. 
	The next morning Uncle Jeff woke me up and when I woke up I had kicked 
the covers off and he could see my undies cause my shirt was up around 
my stomach.  I pulled my shirt down as fast as I could and he just 
laughed.  He said he had seen women's underwear before and told me to 
come with him and he would show me something.  I got out of bed and 
followed him and he went to my moms room and pushed the door open 
motioning me to look but be quiet..  I looked in and my mom was asleep 
and  her shirt had come up just like mine and I could see her undies.  I 
whispered she was gonna get mad if she caught me at her door and he said 
since she was a kid it was almost impossible to wake her up and he told 
me watch him. He tiptoed into her room and walked over to her bed and he 
looked to make sure I was watching and he reached down and shook her 
right on her bottom, but she didn't wake up at all.  Then he walked back 
out and he said I was the same way cause it takes forever for me to wake 
up. But I told him I woke up easy and he just smiled.  Then we went 
downstairs and ate breakfast.  He volunteered to drive me to school that 
morning if I would stop being stingy and give him his good morning kiss 
and I did and he kissed me on the mouth again but he hugged me when he 
did and when he stopped he said I was learning to kiss better. So I 
punched his arm for teasing me and he just laughed. 
	That night David stayed over at a friends house and it was just me and 
Uncle Jeff and we watched TV until my bedtime.  When it was time for me 
to go to sleep I asked to stay up later and he told me to go get dressed 
for bed and he would think about it.  When I came back 
downstairs(wearing my monkey shirt) and he had gotten ready for bed 
also. He was wearing just a pair of shorts and he said I could stay up 
for a little while longer but he would have to get extra goodnight 
kisses.  I laughed and said OK.  He turned the lights out and we sat and 
watched a movie but he was in a playful mood cause everytime I wasn't 
paying attention he would pinch my leg and I would slap his hand.  After 
he did it for like the tenth time I said that's it no goodnight kisses 
for you and he said "oh yeah" and he grabbed me and started tickling me. 
 He was tickling me and trying to kiss me at the same time.  I was 
moving around so much that some of the time he was touching my chest and 
I tried to tell him to stop but his mouth was on mine and I couldn't 
stop laughing.  Then he grabbed my legs and tried to pin them down with 
his legs but I was squirming too much and he couldn't and I told him he 
couldn't hold me.  He said oh yeah and put one of my legs on either side 
of him and with one hand held both my hands above my head and just held 
his other hand in front of my face and teased me with it.  He said I had 
to kiss him or he'd let me have it. So I said OK and let him kiss me but 
after a minute he stopped and said that was a fake kiss and I was gonna 
get it anyway. Then he started tickling me again and this time because 
of him being between my legs my shirt was up and he was tickling my bare 
stomach which was much worse.  I was laughing as hard as I could and I 
told him I gave in but he wasn't laughing as much as me.  And he said 
are you ready to give me a real kiss?  And I said yes.  So he said OK 
but he kept his hand on my stomach and  he kissed me. After a minute he 
tried to kiss me with his tongue and I started to say no but he started 
to tickle again so I opened my mouth and let him kiss me.  He kissed me 
for a long time and his hand was rubbing my stomach and suddenly his 
hand went under my shirt and his fingers touched the bottom of my chest. 
 I tried to tell him to stop and pulled is hand back and started 
tickling my stomach again. This whole time he was kissing me and after a 
minute I stopped fighting.  Finally he broke the kiss and said that was 
a good kiss and he wouldn't have to tickle me anymore.  I said OK and he 
got off of me. I tried to pretend that I didn't see his shorts sticking 
out.  He said it was time for bed and he would be up in a minute to kiss 
me goodnight. I went to bed and he came up a few minutes later, still in 
his shorts.  He came in and sat on the edge of the bed and talked to me 
for a few minutes.  He said he liked playing games with me and he really 
liked it here now and asked if I liked our games.  I thought about it 
for a minute and said yes. He said good and said he was gonna give me a 
new present tomorrow if I was a good girl and did everything he said.  I 
begged to know what it was, but he wouldn't say.  He said he would give 
me a hint if I kissed him again and I said OK.  He bent down and kissed 
me again and after a minute with his tongue.  He stopped for a second 
and asked if he had tickled me too hard and I said no but he said he had 
better see cause if I had a brouse my mom would raise hell.  He pulled 
down the covers and pulled my shirt up and looked at my stomach then he 
bent down and kissed my belly and said "there all better now".  Then he 
kissed me on the mouth again and I was getting used to it. His hand was 
rubbing my stomach and his tongue was in my mouth and then he took my 
hand and put it on his bare chest.  After a minute more
his fingers brushed the bottom of my chest again and I said "Uncle Jeff" 
but he left his hand there with his fingers just touching the bottom of 
my bare breast(small as it was).  For a while I wouldn't let him put his 
tongue back in my mouth but after a minute I did and then a few seconds 
later he was massaging my chest with his hand.  About two minutes later 
he stopped kissing me but left his hand on my chest and asked me if I 
was mad at him.  I said no but.... and he said no buts.  he said I'm 
your uncle and I love you and he said Don't you love me?  And I said yes 
and he said OK.  Then he pulled my shirt up and bent down and kissed the 
point of my boob and pulled my shirt back down.  Then he stood up and  
said goodnight and to be a good girl tomorrow and I would get my 
present. 
	The next morning Uncle Jeff woke me up and it was still dark outside.  
The first thing I knew for sure was that he had been drinking.  The 
second was that him touching my chest was not a one time thing because 
when I woke up my shirt was open, he was straddling me, and both his 
hands were on my chest.  He said good morning and asked for his good 
morning kiss. He bent down and kissed me and I could taste that he had 
been drinking my moms liquor. He kissed me for a minute and then bent 
down and kissed both of my boobies and stood up.  I asked him if he had 
been drinking and he said he had waited up for my mom and they had had a 
few drinks together.  He told me to get up and he was gonna show me one 
of my presents.  I got out of bed, suddenly energized and followed him 
downstairs to his room. When we pasted the living room I saw my mom 
laying on the sofa asleep.  When he opened his door the first thing I 
saw was a brand new television on his bed with a big bow around it.  I 
pushed past him and just stared at it and he walked up behind me and put 
his hand on my shoulders and massaged them.  Finally I turned around and 
leapt into his arms and said thank you Uncle Jeff and he caught me and 
pulled my legs around his waist and put his hands on my bottom.  He said 
you're welcome, but it isn't yours yet, you still have to be really good 
and do what I say all day, OK?  I said sure, no problem.  He put me down 
and I started looking at my television.  It was even bigger than 
David's.  Uncle Jeff stood behind me and was playing with my chest.   I 
was used to it by now anyway.  He reached over my shoulder and 
unbuttoned the top two buttons on my shirt and put his hands in my shirt 
for a minute.  Then he bent over and said "I just love making my nieces 
nipples hard".  I couldn't believe he said that and just smiled.  But he 
took his hands out and told me to go ahead and look at it and he would 
be back in a minute.  I did and about five minutes later I turned around 
and Uncle Jeff was standing in his door with a video camera taping me 
and my TV.  He told me to put my arm around it and I did. He even had me 
kiss it.  Then he put the camera on the dresser and said he had another 
present for me.  I couldn't believe it but he walked to his closet and 
pulled down a box and handed it to me.  I opened it and found a swimsuit 
inside, a bikini no doubt.  I tried to tell him my mom would never let 
me wear it but he said it would be our secret.  He told me to go into 
his bathroom and try it on. I did and he grabbed me on the way in there 
and kissed me and pulled my shirt up and massaged my bottom.  I went 
into the bathroom and put it on and I couldn't believe it.  It was a 
bikini all right and it fit.  It was French cut and the bottom was a 
thong.  I could see my whole butt in the mirror.  At least the top 
covered me, I remember thinking.  Uncle Jeff was yelling, telling me to 
hurry up.  I went back into his room and he was holding the video camera 
again.  He had me stop and model it for him, he especially like the 
bottom and he taped it for a long time then he sat it down again and 
grabbed me and hugged me.  He told me how beautiful he thought I was and 
how happy I made him.  He kissed me again and grabbed my bottom in his 
hands and he loved it he made me turn around and he got on his knees and 
just massaged my bottom  and even kissed it. He turned me around and 
told me he loved me and kissed me. He put his hands on my chest and 
pulled the top aside and kissed my neck and chest for a long time.  He 
said OK and stood up and asked me if I was ready for my first chore 
today to earn my TV. I said yes and he said OK and grabbed his camera 
and pulled me by the hand into the living room.  My mom was still 
sleeping on the sofa and she still had on her waitress uniform. My uncle 
put the camera down so it was on my mom and moved me over behind the 
sofa. then he leaned over and  whispered my moms name in her ear, 
getting louder each time.  Then he reached down and shook her shoulder 
and called her name.  He said "see she won't wake up, since we were 
young she sleeps like a log and alcohol makes it even harder to wake 
her".  I told him to be careful and he said look and he reached down and 
grabbed her boob and squeezed it. I started to run but he grabbed my 
hand and pulled me to him. He put his hand on chin and made me look at 
him and said "Look Angie, I love you and I want us to be good friends. 
But you are going to have to do what I say or no television and I could 
always show your mom that take of  you."  "Before this day is over you 
and I are going to be very close and I am going to make you a very sexy 
woman. Do you understand me?"  I nodded yes and he said good and kissed 
me.  While he kissed me he undid my top and took it off and kissed my 
chest again until my boobies got hard.  Then he told me to stand still 
and he went to the camera and checked it and came back and stood behind 
me, his hips pressing me against the sofa.  Then he started whispering 
in my ear.  "Do you know when I decided to fuck you, Angie?"  The first 
time I woke you up I walked into your room and remembered your mom 
sleeping like a rock and wondered if you did."  The whole time he was 
talking he was massaging my chest from behind me, with is hips against 
mine holding me there.  He said "I tested you, called your name, shook 
you, even pulled the covers off you."  "There you were laying there in a 
T-shirt and I knew you wouldn't wake up." "I just reached down under 
that shirt and made your nipples as hard as they are now."  "I knew then 
I was gonna make you my lover."  "But more than that you're going to do 
whatever I say aren't you?  I shook my head yes and he took my hand and 
placed it right on my moms chest.  He whispered in my ear "Unbutton the 
top button Angie"  I couldn't move I just held my hand there.  He 
reached down and moved my fingers to the top button and we unbuttoned 
it, then we went to the second and he held my fingers there until I 
unbuttoned it.  Then he took my fingers and we touched her bare skin and 
he pushed my fingers into the cup of her bra a little.  He whispered in 
my ear "Yours are small now but they'll get bigger, though not as big as 
hers, I think."  "Do you want to know the first time I saw them?"  While 
he spoke he unbuttoned the other buttons all the way to her skirt and 
pulled her shirt open.  He continued. "When I was 16 and your mom was 
ten I came home one night and walked upstairs to my room, but when I 
passed your moms room I heard something so I looked inside, do you know 
what I saw?"  Before I could answer he had pulled her bra straps down 
her arms and pulled her bra down exposing her nipples, he guiding my 
hand there and we played with her nipple. This whole time he was 
talking.  He continued.  "I saw your mom on her knees and my dad was 
behind her fucking her like crazy."  Grandpa, I asked. Yes, he said.  "I 
watched them until I saw him pull out of her and cum all over the 
place."  "Do you know what cum is Angie?"  I nodded my head.  "Good", he 
said.  "Have you ever had sex Angie?"  I shook my head no.  Good, he 
said again.  "Has anyone ever touched you like I do?"
Once, I said. Who, he asked.  My Sunday school teacher, I said.  "How 
did he do it", he asked.  He drove me home one day and stopped in the 
park, in the trees.  I asked him what was wrong and he said he heard 
something wrong with his car.  He got out and looked around and opened 
my car door and said he wanted to check my seat belt in case something 
was wrong with the car.  He started touching my seat belt where it 
crossed my chest and touching me like it was an accident.  "Is that 
all", my uncle asked.  Yes, I said.  He just got back in the car and 
took me home.  Good, he said.  "Now there's just one more thing I want 
you to do before we leave your mom alone, OK?"  OK, I said, Glad to be 
almost done.  "Pick up your moms hand and put it on your chest", he 
said.  I didn't argue, I just did it and he was happy.  Then he said 
good girl Angie and he fixed her clothes back and we went back to his 
room. 
	Once we got back to his room he had me take a seat on his bed while he 
moved the TV and he sat with me.  He said he wanted us to watch some 
movies, and I said OK.  He said, "These are secret movies so no one can 
know about them, OK?"  I said, OK.  He told me to lay down on my stomach 
and face the TV and I did.  Then he put in the first movie.  After he 
put the movie in he got behind me and straddled my back and massaged my 
back and bottom as the first scene started.  The first scene was a girl 
about my age walking down a street at night.  She was dressed in a skirt 
and sweater and she was carrying a bible.  The street she was walking on 
was dark and trashy and I could tell she was scared.  As she was passing 
an alley a man spoke to her and asked her for a dollar.  She looked at 
him and reached into her pocket and handed him a dollar.  When their 
hands met he pulled her into the alley with him and grabbed her.  There 
were three men there, they all looked homeless but very strong and big 
compared to the girl.  Two of the men were black and relatively young 
and one was white and very old.  The older man held her from behind as 
the other two began to touch her, pulling her skirt up and tearing her 
sweater.  My uncles hands seemed to be following the actions of those on 
the screen, especially when the men turned her and bent her over and 
explored her rear.  My uncle began whispering in my ear as the scene 
unfolded on the screen.  "Angie, look at how her tits are about the same 
size as yours." "She reminds me of her, I fantasized as I watched this 
that it was you I was seeing."  On the screen the girl was now nude and 
on her hands and knees one man was behind her and one was in front 
inside her mouth.  The older white man was cheering the others on, 
saying "Saying fuck that young white cunt".  And they did.  My uncle was 
again concentrating on my rear he spread my legs with his hands and was 
pulling the string of the bikini in and out of my bottom.  He bent and 
was kissing and licking my bottom.  He pulled the bikini sting to the 
side and licked inside my bottom and for the first time he touched 
between my legs with his fingers.  He reached up and slide my bottoms 
off and pulled my hips about six inches off the floor and went back to 
licking my rear and between my legs. I had lost attention on the screen 
now it showed a girl younger than I was with a man who could have easily 
been her grandfather.  When the scene started the girl was getting 
dropped off by her mom at her grandfathers house and as soon as her mom 
was gone the granddad was forcing his thing in the girls mouth.  The 
girl on the screen couldn't have been more than ten and the man was at 
least sixty.  He came in her mouth a few minutes later.  My Uncle 
meanwhile, was still licking me and had one of his fingers inside me. It 
was driving me crazy and I reached my first orgasm after about ten 
minutes.  When I calmed down my uncle laid down beside me and asked how 
I felt.  I told him I felt wonderful and he just smiled.  He said he had 
another movie he wanted me to see and he got up to put it in.  After he 
put it in he went into the bathroom and the video started, the first 
anted and I told him to "make love to me" like 
they had said in the movie.  He said, "Oh, you want me to fuck you?" I 
nodded my head and said yes.  He told me to say it.  I said, "Please 
fuck me Uncle Jeff".  He said no not yet and stood up beside the bed.  
He had me sit on the bed with my feet on the floor and he stood in front 
of me.  He took my head in his hands and told me to stick out my tongue. 
I did and he moved my head to his leg and moved my tongue along his leg 
from one side to the other slowly.  As he did his penis was in my face 
and left its own sticky trail across my nose and cheeks. Finally he 
moved my tongue to tip of his penis and I licked the wetness from it.  
He told me to open my mouth and I did and he slowly pushed his way in.  
He held my face perfectly still as he fed his penis to me a little at a 
time.  He saw that my eyes were closed and told me to watch the screen 
and as I did he slowly began to move in and out of my mouth.  My 
brothers penis was glistening as he worked his hands over it and I knew 
he would cum soon.  I was pretty sure Uncle Jeff was also.  He was 
talking as he fucked my face and I could only make out some of it.  He 
told me to watch my brother closely because soon I'd be sucking that 
cock also.  I tried to protest at that but when he sensed I was trying 
to stop I got another inch or so in my mouth.   He told me he had 
dreamed about this day for weeks and he was loving it.  He told me how 
great it looked for his cock to be disappearing into his nieces mouth.  
He lasted for another five minutes or so and then he pulled out of my 
mouth and played with himself until he came all over my face and chest.  
When he was done he laid me back on the bed and rubbed his semen over my 
body.  After he finished with that he picked up his camera which had 
been on us the whole time and pointed it at my face and asked if I 
enjoyed that. I said yes and he said yes what.  And I said I enjoyed 
sucking you, Uncle Jeff. 
	When we were finished Uncle Jeff told me to go upstairs and take a 
shower and so I did.  After I got out of the shower my mom knocked on my 
door and asked how I was.  I said fine and she said she was so tired 
that she had fallen asleep on the sofa and would still be there if Uncle 
Jeff hadn't woken her up.  I just smiled and she said she was going to 
bed.  As she turned to go, she said, "Oh, by the way, Uncle Jeff asked 
if you  and David wanted to go to dinner with him tonight and I told him 
I'd ask you.  I said, OK, thanks mom and she disappeared into her room.  
I wondered what Uncle Jeff was up to but was too tired to worry much 
about it.  I threw on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt and went downstairs. 
 Uncle Jeff was fixing up a late breakfast and when I walked into the 
kitchen he gave me a big hug and kiss and squeezed my bottom.  As we sat 
and ate we were both quiet for a few minutes and he asked if I was mad 
at him. I told him no.  He said that we never had to do things like that 
ever again if I didn't want to.  I told him it was OK, I was just 
nervous.  He smiled and held my hand and said that's OK.  He asked if I 
had any questions and I said maybe later.  After we had finished eating 
we cleaned up the dishes and sat and watched some TV for awhile.  I was 
going over things in my mind and I guess he could tell I was doing some 
heavy thinking and asked what I was thinking about.  I asked if my mom 
really had sex with my Granddad. He said yes, he had watched them many 
times when he was young.  I couldn't really believe it but I asked it is 
was wrong, because that's what they taught us at school.  He asked if I 
had fun with him this morning and I said yes.  He asked if I loved him 
and I said yes and he said if we're having fun and not hurting anybody 
then what could it hurt.  I told him I didn't know and he just hugged me 
and gave me a kiss.  He told me to go upstairs and take a nap and he'd 
wake me up later. I said OK and gave him a big kiss and he reached under 
my shirt and made my nipples hard again and sent me up to bed. 
	It was David who woke me up about 4 hours later.  He asked me what was 
wrong with Uncle Jeff and I asked what he meant and he said "he's in a 
good mood".  I just smiled and got up.  David said he was going to his 
room and I went back downstairs.  Uncle Jeff and my mom were looking at 
old pictures and smiling and having a good time.  My mom was clearly 
relieved to see Uncle Jeff was starting to enjoy living with us.  I 
joined them looking at pictures and saw that there were some of my mom 
when she was young.  I told her she looked like me and pointed at a 
picture of her and my Granddad.  Uncle Jeff said yes she was a cute baby 
and a real daddies girl.  When he said that my mom blushed very red and 
said she had to get ready for work.  After she had left I punched his 
arm for teasing her and he asked where David was and I told him in his 
room.  He winked at me and asked if I knew what he was doing.  I said no 
and he said probably playing with himself.  But I didn't know if he was 
serious or not.  We watched TV till about an hour later when my mom left 
for work and Uncle Jeff asked if I was ready to play again.  I said sure 
thinking we were going to his room.  But he said no it was time for 
something else.  He asked if I wanted to pester David for a while and I 
said OK.  He said he wanted me to go up and knock on David's door and 
tell him I had a new swimsuit and see if David wanted to see it.  I went 
upstairs and knocked on David's door and it took forever for him to 
answer it.  When he answered it I could tell that he was mad.  I told 
him my friend Abby had given me a new swimsuit and asked if he wanted to 
see it.  He told me maybe later.  I said OK and went and told Uncle 
Jeff.  Uncle Jeff said to go put it on and go back.  I went and put it 
on and first I showed Uncle Jeff(who almost took it off again) and then 
I knocked on David's door again.  This time he answered it and started 
to yell at me again until he saw me.  He just stared at me for a while 
and I asked him if he liked it. He said it was OK but mom would have a 
fit.  I told him I wasn't going to tell mom I had it.  Then I walked 
back to my room and was about to change out of it when David knocked.  
He told me he wasn't gonna go out with me and Uncle Jeff to dinner, he 
was just gonna stay in.  The whole time he was looking at the swimsuit 
though.  I could tell he liked it and I started thinking about that 
video of him Uncle Jeff had.  I decided to play a little bit.  I told 
him I couldn't reach the knot in back and asked him to undo it.  It must 
have taken him  minutes to get it undone.  After he had gone back to 
his room I went and told Uncle Jeff what I had done.  He just laughed 
and said my brother was stronger than he was.  I smiled and we watched 
some more television. 
	Later that night Uncle Jeff and I went out and ate at the restaurant 
where my mom worked.  We had a lot of fun and even my mom was smiling 
when we left.  On the way home we drove with Uncle Jeff's hand in my 
pants and he made me cum before we got home. After we pulled in the 
driveway he pulled his pants down and I sucked him right there.  He 
wouldn't let me make him cum though, he said he was saving that for 
later. 
	We went inside and David was still in his room and I went up to get 
ready for bed.  I stopped on the way back downstairs(wearing my monkey 
shirt and shorts) and looked in David's room.  He was sleeping and I 
tiptoed in and could see he was sleeping in shorts and nothing else.  I 
was afraid to touch him, David was definitely not a heavy sleeper like 
me and my mom.  But when I went downstairs I told Uncle Jeff what I saw. 
 He asked if I was in the mood to play and I said yes and he had me take 
my shorts off and just wear my panties and t shirt.  Then I went back 
upstairs, with him behind me, and carefully opened David's door.  Uncle 
Jeff stayed in the hallway, but where he could see and I tiptoed to the 
bed and gently shook David's shoulder.  He woke up and asked what I 
wanted.  I told him I had a bad dream and mom wasn't home yet.  He slid 
over and told me to be quiet and I could stay.  I slid in bed with him 
and laid with my back to him.  I made sure my shirt was up over my rear 
and the only thing between my bottom and his stomach was my panties.  I 
could feel him getting hard against my leg.  But he didn't do anything.  
I could vaguely make out Uncle Jeff's outline in the hallway and I was 
afraid he would get bored.  After about  minutes I was about to try 
and sneak out of the bed when Dave turned a little and ended up even 
closer to me. His hand was resting against my leg just below my bottom 
and every few minutes he would move one finger up and touch my panties.  
After he had done that about ten times I got impatient and rolled over.  
I put my arm in the middle of his chest and his hand now rested firmly 
on my stomach right above my panties.  I had one leg on his and my 
crotch was inches from his fingers.  He slowly began to press 1 finger 
against my crotch, harder with each press.  After a while his hand was 
massaging my crotch and I was getting wet.  He had pulled the covers 
down so he could see my body and I knew that allowed Uncle Jeff to see 
also.  Before long, I couldn't stand it and my hips started moving to 
his hands movements.  I pretended to move in my sleep and let my hand 
rest on his stomach.  After a minute to make sure I was asleep he 
reached down and opened his boxers and let his thing out. Then he slowly 
picked up my hand and barely touched himself with my finger.  After a 
few times though, he was wrapping my fingers around it.  Finally, I was 
too horny to stop and I squeezed his  penis with my hand and he let go.  
When my hand didn't fall away, he stopped rubbing me and just froze.  
But I slowly started working my hand up and down his penis and after a 
minute he was rubbing my crotch again, much more vigorously.  It wasn't 
long before his fingers found their way into my panties and were inside 
me.  He reached down and slid my panties down my legs and rolled over on 
top of me.  Before I knew what was happening he was entering me.  It was 
almost too much for me, but after a minute he was inside me and started 
moving back and forth in me.  I wrapped my legs around him and held on 
as I orgasmed and it wasn't even a minute later that he came as well.  
He just laid on top of me for a long time and finally  he laid back down 
and I kissed his cheek and told him I was going back to my bed.  He 
didn't say a word as I slipped out of his bed and left the room.  In the 
hallway Uncle Jeff had disappeared and I just went to my room but after 
I opened the door I saw he was on my bed, naked waiting for me.  I went 
and crawled into bed and laid me on my back and crawled between my legs. 
 Without saying a word he slid his penis into me, using my brothers 
sperm as a lubricant until finally he was moving in and out of me.  He 
lasted much longer than David did, I had more orgasms than I could 
remember, until finally he came inside me.  After he was done he told me 
he loved me and tomorrow he would install my new television.
	The next day was Sunday and I slept late.  I woke up about 10 and 
walked downstairs but didn't see anyone.  I went back upstairs and got 
in the shower.  I had been in the shower for about 10 minutes when I 
felt hands on my hips and a mouth on mine.  I knew right away that it 
wasn't Uncle Jeff and I opened my eyes to find David standing there.  He 
was as naked as I was and hard as a rock. His hands were all over me and 
he was kissing me passionately.  I reached for his penis and he 
increased the tempo of his kisses as I played with him.  I slowly 
dropped to my knees and took him into my mouth.  I sucked him for all I 
was worth and a few minutes later he came in my mouth.  I tried to pull 
away and he grabbed my head and held me there until he was done. When he 
let go I stood up and we kissed again  and we got out of the  shower.  I 
went back to my room and David to his. After I got dressed I went 
downstairs and Uncle Jeff was just walking in with breakfast for all 
three of us.  I quickly told him what had happened and he kissed me and 
said good girl.
	 At breakfast Uncle Jeff asked if Dave and I wanted to play a game 
after we cleaned up.  I suggested monopoly and they agreed.  After 
cleaning up we all went to the den and set up the game board.  We played 
for about an hour before Uncle Jeff had won everything. After that he 
suggested we play a new game called Truth or Dare.  We agreed and we are 
replenished our snacks and went back to the den.  Uncle Jeff had turned  
the lights really low and I could barely make out the furniture in the 
room.  We sat around the coffee table and Uncle Jeff went first.  We 
spent a while asking each other embarrassing questions and laughing a 
lot.  After we had been playing for about  minutes, it was Uncle 
Jeff's  turn and he dared me to kiss him.  I did and the next turn David 
dared me to do the same to him. They were very quick kisses and both of 
them seemed nervous in front of the other. However, under the table 
David's hand found mine and I squeezed it as I held it.  They took turns 
telling Truth to each other like first kisses and stuff.  Uncle Jeff's 
next turn he dared me to kiss Dave more than before and I pretended to 
protest but leaned over and gave Dave a long kiss on the lips.  And Dave 
did the same on his turn, until finally I was really kissing each in 
turn.  Uncle Jeff even slipped his tongue in my mouth as I kissed him 
and I wasn't sure if Dave could see or not.  We played like this for a 
while and Dave dared me to show Uncle Jeff my birthmark. I stood up and 
pulled my shirt up in back and they moved really close to see it in the 
dark. They ran their fingers over it and talked about how cool it was.  
Uncle Jeff had his hands on my hips just above the top of my jeans and 
he was behind me.  Dave was more in front of me and looking around my 
waist.  Uncle Jeff asked if that one was my only one and I said yes, but 
he said he didn't believe me.  He started looking around my back for 
another mark and his left hand slipped a finger under my shirt and 
touched the bottom of my left breast.  He grabbed my shirt and pulled it 
up my stomach and back and held it just under my breasts he told Dave to 
see if he could find one. Dave looked all over my back and said he 
couldn't. Then he looked over my stomach and Uncle Jeff was pulling my 
shirt so Dave couldn't help but see the bottom of my breast under the 
shirt.  Dave was touching my skin wherever he looked and he brushed his 
fingers against the bottom of my breast a couple of times.  Each time he 
did Uncle Jeff would pull the shirt a little higher until my nipples 
were almost showing.  Uncle Jeff took one hand and was running it over 
my stomach also looking.  Uncle Jeff ran one of his fingers just under 
my right breast and Dave was watching him.  Then he touched the bottom 
of my boob with his finger and ran it over the bottom like he was still 
looking for a birthmark. It was only a minute before Dave was doing the 
same to the other breast.  They spent a minute exploring the lower half 
of my breasts with their fingers, both pretending to still be looking 
for something.  Dave was the first one to slide his finger under my 
shirt and touch my nipple.  As soon as h open.  He pulled them down my 
legs and I stepped out of them and stood between them wearing only a 
pair of panties.  Uncle Jeff reached up and took one of Dave's hands off 
my breast and slid it down my body and around me to my bottom.  Uncle 
Jeff then stood up ad walked around behind Dave and bent over so he 
could whisper in Dave's ear.  He whispered, " Your sister has nice tits 
doesn't she Dave?"  Dave just nodded his head and he held my breast in 
his hands.  Uncle Jeff whispered encouragement into Dave's ear as he 
coached Dave through pinching and pulling my nipples and then slowly 
sucking them one by one.  Jeff reached down and pulled Dave's T-shirt 
from his sweat pants and Dave raised his arms to let it be taken off.  
Then Uncle Jeff had Dave stand up and he took my hands and placed them 
on the front of Dave's sweats.  He held my hand there as he continued to 
whisper in Dave's ear.  "Do you like it when Angie touches your cock, 
Dave?" "Do you want her to suck it?"  Dave just nodded his head as I 
pulled the front of his sweats down and exposed his cock.  Uncle Jeff 
took one of my hands and wrapped it around Dave's penis and moved it 
back and forth.  Dave just closed his eyes and Uncle Jeff and I moved 
our hands up and down Dave's cock.  Uncle Jeff asked Dave if it felt 
good and he said yes.  Then Uncle Jeff pulled my head to Dave's penis 
and I sucked it into my mouth.  As I sucked Dave's cock, Uncle Jeff kept 
one hand wrapped around it and with the other pulled Dave's sweats down 
his legs.  He ran his hand up and down Dave's legs and under him between 
his legs, grabbing Dave's balls in his hand.  As I continued sucking my 
brother Uncle Jeff was running his tongue across Dave's waist until he 
was close enough to whisper to me.  He asked, " Do you like sucking your 
brothers cock, Angie?"  I just grunted and continued what I was doing.  
Uncle Jeff began to lick my ear as he whispered to me and slowly he 
began kissing my face.  I briefly took my mouth from Dave and kissed 
Uncle Jeff sucking his tongue in my mouth.  As he kissed me he continued 
playing with Dave and suddenly he pulled his mouth from mine and wrapped 
his lips around Dave's cock. Dave let out a loud moan, but didn't pull 
away from Uncle Jeff.  Uncle Jeff reached around Dave and pulled Dave to 
him as Dave's cock disappeared into Jeff's mouth.  I didn't know where I 
fit into this so I just watched as Uncle Jeff sucked my brothers penis 
in front of me for about five more minutes until Dave suddenly tensed 
and came in Uncle Jeff's mouth.  Uncle Jeff held Dave in his mouth until 
Dave stopped moving and slowly he pulled his mouth away.  He kissed 
Dave's still hard penis a couple of times and then stood up and kissed 
Dave right on the mouth.  He kissed Dave for a minute and then asked if 
Dave was ready to "help me fuck your sister"?  Dave just nodded his head 
and they both turned to me.  Uncle Jeff had me lay back on the sofa and 
Dave pulled my panties off as Uncle Jeff undressed.  When Uncle Jeff was 
naked Dave was already licking between my legs and Uncle Jeff pulled my 
head up to his cock and I sucked it into my mouth.  He fucked his penis 
into my mouth for a minute or two before he told us to switch positions. 
 Dave laid down on the sofa and I bent over and sucked Dave's cock while 
Uncle Jeff held my hips from behind and fucked me.  I was pretty sure 
they were both going to cum soon when suddenly Uncle Jeff stopped and 
pulled out of me.  He guided me up onto the sofa and I climbed on top of 
Dave.  Uncle Jeff took Dave's cock in his hand as I slid down onto it 
and was soon bouncing up and down it.  As soon as he saw I was doing it 
right he moved over and pulled Dave's head to his cock and slid it into 
Dave's mouth.  It was only a minute longer until Dave's penis began to 
fill me up with his come and Uncle Jeff did the same, jacking himself 
all over Dave's face and chest.  We all collapsed onto the sofa and laid 
there for a really long time before anyone moved.  Finally, Uncle Jeff 
sent us both upstairs to get cleaned up before my mom started stirring 
upstairs. 




CHAPTER TWO
JACK JOINS IN

	 The days after that were filled with much of the same as Uncle Jeff, 
Dave, and I became frequent lovers and really good friends.  Not many 
days went by that we didn't make love, most days more than once.  It was 
a rare day those first few weeks that I didn't go to bed with a pussy 
full of cum from either my brother or my uncle.  We were slowly 
exploring each other and learning new ways to please.  Often I would 
walk into a room when my mom was gone and find my Uncle with his cock 
buried in Dave's mouth or the other way around.  And I had almost 
stopped wearing underclothes altogether as I found myself constantly 
dressed and undressed.  My Uncle had by this time a growing video 
collection of the three of us and we watched those movies often.  We 
were very careful to keep my mom from getting suspicious, but she was 
glad we were becoming a family and getting along so well.  I was gaining 
more than a close family however.  I was slowly gaining an understanding 
of myself and my own sensuality.  Soon after this time I started taking 
the pill and  learning about the risks of pregnancy.  I also began to 
notice the way men had been looking at me all along, and couldn't 
believe I had missed it all that time.
	I was getting accustomed to my new active sex life and most of the 
discomfort I had experienced at first had disappeared.  It wasn't 
unusual for me to have sex 5 or 6 times a days during those first few 
months.  I soon discovered that my uncle and brother had very different 
sex drives and it wasn't unusual to find myself awakens two or three 
times a night by hands roaming my body.  My brother seemed to want to 
have sex all the time and never seemed to lose his erection, which he 
displayed to me every chance he got.  My uncle was very constant in that 
he usually wanted me right before bed and when I woke up.  This was the 
routine we had established and kept for a span of two to three months. 
Then one day my brother did something to change that. 
	It was one of those rare Saturday nights that my mom was working and my 
uncle had an overnight haul.  My brother and I had spent the day 
together, mostly in bed, having made love no fewer than four times.  But 
he had left for a while and I took a much deserved nap.  Later, when I 
was awakened by Dave's hand in my panties it was already dark out.  I 
had laid down wearing a shirt and panties but now only the panties 
remained.  Dave's hand was working magic between my legs and I was 
responding to his touching by bucking my hips and begging for him to 
stop teasing me and just " fuck me".  That's when I felt the second set 
of hands on my chest.  As soon as I realized there was someone else in 
the room I opened my eyes and tried to get up.  But the hands on my 
chest held me to the bed and I looked up and saw those hands belonged to 
Jack Cartwright, my brothers best friend.  I asked Dave what he thought 
he was doing and he climbed up and kissed me and said he wanted to share 
his sisters sweet pussy with his friend Jack.  I looked back up at Jack 
as Dave slid back down my body and buried his face in my 
crotch(something he had become very good at).  Jack didn't say a word he 
just smiled down at me with my nipples growing hard between his fingers. 
 I had known him for a long time, since he and his family had moved into 
the neighborhood, the first black family to do so.  I decided not to 
argue and just closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling rising from my 
hips.  Jack leaned down and took my nipples into his mouth and sucked 
each one gently.  I reached out with my hand searching for his body and 
discovered he was already undressed as my hand clamped onto his penis. 
As soon as I touched it my eyes flew open because I couldn't believe the 
size of it.  He just smiled and he saw my expression and slowly stood 
up, his penis dangling in my face.  It was the biggest thing I had ever 
seen, easily bigger than my uncle.  It was shaped differently as well 
and I learned later than he had been uncircumcised.  I raised my head to 
take it in my mouth, but discovered I couldn't even get the head of it 
in.  Instead I licked it from base to tip and he seemed to enjoy it.  
Meanwhile my brother had gotten up and left the room and soon returned 
with my uncles video camera.  He simply stood and taped as I licked his 
friends cock and Jack reached his hand between my legs and plunged his 
fingers inside me.  When he discovered how wet I was he pulled away from 
my mouth and climbed on top of me.  I raised my hips to meet his and 
Dave came and stood directly over us with the camera on our crotches.  I 
snaked my hand out and grabbed ahold of Dave's cock as Jack reached for 
his own and began to slide it up and down my crack.  I jacked my brother 
with my hand as his friend slowly began to force his cock inside me.  I 
could hear my own voice cracking as his penis stretched my pussy open.  
I didn't think I was going to be able to take it.  My brother and Jack 
however have no doubts.  My screams were serving to excite them further 
as Dave continued to tape his friend entering me.  I heard my brother 
tell his friend to "fuck that little white slut", which reminded me of 
my uncles movie.  That tended to excite me as well and soon I was 
thrashing about on the bed with about half of Jack inside me.  I heard 
Jack say that he couldn't believe how tight I was and how good it felt.  
I had my first orgasm right then and Jack simply didn't move until my 
body stopped shaking.  The resulting lubrication however, allowed him to 
slide the rest of the way inside me.  In seconds I felt his balls 
resting on my bottom and I exploded with my second orgasm.  Jack and 
Dave were still talking and Jack said he couldn't believe how hot I was. 
 As I settled back down Jack began to move slowly in and out of me.  I 
don't know how long he fucked me, I was lost in orgasm after orgasm, 
until finally I heard him tell Dave "I'm about to cum".  Seconds later I 
felt Jack fill me with more cum than ever before.  He seems to cum 
forever and I could feel it rushing out of me across my hips and legs.  
He bent down and kissed me and said, Thank you", but I was too weak to 
reply.  He slowly got off of me and he easily slid out of me.  I felt 
completely empty as soon as he was gone and I let out a sigh of protest. 
They just laughed at me as they both looked down at me, their cocks 
hanging in front of them and me laying in a pool of cum.  As they walked 
out of my room, I heard Dave ask Jack, " Didn't I tell you she was a hot 
fuck?" 
	The next morning my mom woke me up and I was immediately glad I had the 
covers over me because I had slept as naked as they had left me.  I 
could even feel the dried cum covering my hips as I lay there and told 
my mom I was fine just tired.  She accepted that answer, telling me not 
to sleep all day and oh, by the way Jack had spent the night with Dave 
last night.  As soon as I heard the door to her room close I slid out of 
bed, and threw my robe on.  I walked down the hall, although it hurt to 
walk, and slowly opened Dave's door.  They were laying in his room 
talking and they both smiled when they saw me.  I closed the door behind 
me and sat on Dave's bed where he was laying.  Jack was on the floor in 
the sleeping bag.  I could only see them from the waist up, but I knew 
they were both nude under they covers.  They asked me if I had fun last 
night and I smiled and said yes.  They asked if I was ready for a repeat 
and Dave pulled down the blankets showing me his erection.  I smiled and 
said thanks but no thanks, I was much too sore.  They said they 
understood and I reached out and gave Dave's cock a squeeze.  He 
responded by pulling my robe off my shoulders, exposing my chest.  I 
looked over at Jack and he had his cock in his hand playing with 
himself.  I said I really wished I could but I was terribly sore and 
they said that's OK.  Dave hopped up out of bed and laid me back on it 
and spread my legs open with my knees propped up.  Then he and Dave 
stood over me and jacked off until I was again covered with sperm.  They 
both thanked me and kissed me before I left to get in the shower.
	That day was pretty peaceful with my mom sleeping and Uncle Jeff away.  
I spent most of the day watching television in Dave's room with he and 
Jack.  We didn't make love anymore that day but we sat around naked and 
I gave Dave a blowjob while Jack made himself cum on me again and 
afterwards Jack and I took a shower together.  Later that night we 
watched the movie of the night before and they took turns licking me 
until I had cum twice.  That night Jack slept over again and he woke me 
up late that night by crawling in bed with me.  He just curled up beside 
me and went to sleep. 
	The next day was the day when I got in the most trouble of my life.  
When I woke up the first thing I realized was that my mom was yelling at 
me and the second was that Jack was still asleep next to me, his huge 
erection firmly against my back.  I got out of bed while my mom 
alternated between yelling at me and yelling at Jack.  Her screams had 
already brought Dave from his room and soon Uncle Jeff showed in my 
doorway as well. Uncle Jeff looked at the situation for a minute and 
grabbed my mom by her shoulders  and led her from my room.  Jack quickly 
got out of my bed and went back to Dave's room to get dressed and Dave  
went with him leaving me alone in my room.  I didn't know what else to 
do so I got dressed and sat on my bed for a while.  After a while I went 
downstairs and mom and Uncle Jeff were sitting on the sofa drinking and 
talking.  When Uncle Jeff saw me he told me to sit down and be quiet.  
He went into the kitchen to get them another drink.  After he had gone 
my mom asked me if I had fucked Jack, I just nodded my head yes.  She 
asked me why, and I didn't know what to say so I just sat there.  She 
started to get mad again when I didn't answer her and she said "For gods 
sakes Angie, you're only 13".  That's when my uncle walked back in 
carrying their drinking.  Before I could say anything he said "how old 
were you the first time, Becky?"  My mom just got madder and said that 
wasn't the same.  Then Uncle Jeff got really mad and threw her drink 
against the wall and said "Fuck you Becky".  I could tell my mom was 
scared and she wouldn't look at Uncle Jeff, But he just glared at her 
for a long time until finally he said" you two come to my room, I want 
to show you something".  He walked away and a second later my mom got up 
and said come on Angie and we went to his room.  Once we were inside he 
closed the door and told us to sit on the bed and he stood there for a 
second and finally spoke.  He said "I'm tired of your shit Becky. Ever 
since you were married you've become a repressing little bitch".  My mom 
started to protest, but Uncle Jeff cut her off. He said, "I'm sorry if 
that hurts for you to hear but its the truth.  I love you like I should 
love my sister but you have got to stop thinking that the world is 
different than it is".  He stopped for a minute and they were just 
looking at each other.  I could tell by the expression on her face that 
she had never heard him say he loved her before.  He continued talking.  
"Angie is 13 years old.  Now I'll ask again how old were you the first 
time?"  My mom hung her head and she said she was 18, but even I could 
tell she was lying.  My uncle just stared at her for a second and slowly 
turned around and walked to his closet He reached up and took down a box 
and brought it to my mom and held it out to her. After a second she took 
it and opened it.  Inside were pictures of my mom and granddad.  The  
first picture was of her at about ten years old with my granddads penis 
in her hand.  She slowly lifted the pictures out of the box one at a 
time and looked at each one. They progressed from the time she was very 
young until one I knew was just about 6 years ago.  In some of the 
pictures she was alone with my grandfather in some she was with other 
men.  After she had  carefully lifted each of the pictures from the box 
she laid them on the bed and looked at my uncle.  She asked him where he 
got them.  He told her he had found terection firmly against my back.  I got out of bed while my mom 
alternated between yelling at me and yelling at Jack.  Her screams had 
already brought Dave from his room and soon Uncle Jeff showed in my 
doorway as well. Uncle Jeff looked at the situation for a minute and 
grabbed my mom by her shoulders  and led her from my room.  Jack quickly 
got out of my bed and went back to Dave's room to get dressed and Dave  
went with him leaving me alone in my room.  I didn't know what else to 
do so I got dressed and sat on my bed for a while.  After a while I went 
downstairs and mom and Uncle Jeff were sitting on the sofa drinking and 
talking.  When Uncle Jeff saw me he told me to sit down and be quiet.  
He went into the kitchen to get them another drink.  After he had gone 
my mom asked me if I had fucked Jack, I just nodded my head yes.  She 
asked me why, and I didn't know what to say so I just sat there.  She 
started to get mad again when I didn't answer her and she said "For gods 
sakes Angie, you're only 13".  That's when my uncle walked back in 
carrying their drinking.  Before I could say anything he said "how old 
were you the first time, Becky?"  My mom just got madder and said that 
wasn't the same.  Then Uncle Jeff got really mad and threw her drink 
against the wall and said "Fuck you Becky".  I could tell my mom was 
scared and she wouldn't look at Uncle Jeff, But he just glared at her 
for a long time until finally he said" you two come to my room, I want 
to show you something".  He walked away and a second later my mom got up 
and said come on Angie and we went to his room.  Once we were inside he 
closed the door and told us to sit on the bed and he stood there for a 
second and finally spoke.  He said "I'm tired of your shit Becky. Ever 
since you were married you've become a repressing little bitch".  My mom 
started to protest, but Uncle Jeff cut her off. He said, "I'm sorry if 
that hurts for you to hear but its the truth.  I love you like I should 
love my sister but you have got to stop thinking that the world is 
different than it is".  He stopped for a minute and they were just 
looking at each other.  I could tell by the expression on her face that 
she had never heard him say he loved her before.  He continued talking.  
"Angie is 13 years old.  Now I'll ask again how old were you the first 
time?"  My mom hung her head and she said she was 18, but even I could 
tell she was lying.  My uncle just stared at her for a second and slowly 
turned around and walked to his closet He reached up and took down a box 
and brought it to my mom and held it out to her. After a second she took 
it and opened it.  Inside were pictures of my mom and granddad.  The  
first picture was of her at about ten years old with my granddads penis 
in her hand.  She slowly lifted the pictures out of the box one at a 
time and looked at each one. They progressed from the time she was very 
young until one I knew was just about 6 years ago.  In some of the 
pictures she was alone with my grandfather in some she was with other 
men.  After she had  carefully lifted each of the pictures from the box 
she laid them on the bed and looked at my uncle.  She asked him where he 
got them.  He told her he had found them in my granddads things.  She 
looked at him for a minute, with tears rolling down her face and asked 
him "May I have these"?  Yes, he said, if we can talk about it.  My mom 
picked up one of the pictures and looked at it smiling said, "he was the 
only man I ever loved".  "When I was young we made love all the time and 
he loved me as much as I loved him".  "We were lovers from when I was 8 
until I turned 30".  And then she looked at my uncle and started crying 
again.  She said, "The last time I made love to him was just before his 
stroke 6 years ago.  We were so in love and then he had that damn stroke 
and after that he didn't even remember my name."  My uncle got on his 
knees in front of my mom and hugged her. He said, I know Becky. He 
didn't remember any of us and it hurt us terribly, but you most of all I 
guess.  She just looked up smiled.  He asked her, "Have you ever spoken 
about this before?"  and she said no.  And he said he understood.  Then 
he looked at me and in a minute my mom did as well. She asked him what 
were they going to do about me. He looked at her and said "We?" And she 
said, "Yes, I think we're going to really be a family now".  He said, 
"You know I've learned to love these kids as if they were my own".  She 
just smiled and looked at him and they hugged again. Then they looked at 
me and he said, OK now, about you young lady" and reached over and slid 
his hand right underneath my shirt.  My mom said "Jeff" and tried to 
stand up but he  held there and just massaged my chest.  He looked at 
her and said, "You know my niece has a sweet little pussy on her".  My 
moms mouth dropped open and she said. "you and Angie?"  He said, yes.  
She said, "I don't believe it. and he told her to stay put and got up 
and went to the VCR and put in a tape.  It was the first one we had made 
of me in the swimsuit.  My mom just sat there and stared at the screen 
too shocked to say anything.  And Uncle Jeff walked over behind her and 
sat on the bed and whispered I her ear.  "I bought that for her, Look at 
the ass on that kid.  I almost broke down and fucked her right then".  
My mom still didn't say anything just watched as my Uncle undid her 
buttons while she slept and I fondled her.  My uncle, meanwhile  had 
slid his hand around my mom and was fondling her now as  her gently 
kissed her neck. He was whispering to her as his hand unbuttoned her 
shirt in front of me and she watched the screen as  he pulled her shirt 
open and opened her bra.  My moms chest was now exposed as the scene 
changed to one of my uncle eating me in his room.  Her nipples were hard 
as my uncle played with them  and my moms eyes closed and she leaned 
back into him.  He laid her down on the bed and reached over to me and 
pulled my shirt over my head. He then took my hand and placed it on my 
moms chest and I massaged her boobs as he first slid off my moms skirt 
and then my shorts.  Without being told I lowered my head and put my 
moms nipple in my mouth and sucked on it the way I liked mine done.  She 
moaned and reached up and held my head with her hand and my uncle(who 
was undressing) said that a girl Angie.  After he was undressed he 
walked around the bed and knelt by my moms head and whispered in her 
ear.  He said, "look at the screen Becky".  She did and saw me sucking 
my uncles cock.  He said, " Look at that girl go".  "She gives great 
head Becky and she loves cum". As if to demonstrate he stood up and put 
his cock in my mouth, I sucked it as my mom watched from a distance of 
about two inches.  I sucked him for a few minutes and he pulled me to 
him and he kissed me and whispered for me to go get Dave.  I left the 
room with him feeding his cock to my mom and went upstairs to get Dave. 
I was as naked as a jaybird when I walked into his room.  He and Jack 
were sitting on his bed and their eyes almost bugged out when they saw 
me.  I told Dave what was going on and he told Jack to come follow him.  
We went downstairs and peeked into Uncle Jeff's room. My mom was on her 
back with head hanging off the far side of the bed and Uncle Jeff's 
penis in her throat.  We pulled back and Dave started undressing and 
told Jack to do the same.  He hesitated but he looked at me for a second 
and did the same.  We walked into the room without my mom knowing and 
Uncle Jeff just smiled at us, even Jack.  Dave went to the bed and put 
his head between my moms legs and started eating her but Jack and I just 
stood there watching.  I reached over and took him in my hand and  he 
reached down and slid his fingers down my butt to between my legs and 
put two inside me.  I had to bend over a little and that gave him an 
idea and he bent me over with my hands on the dresser and after a few 
minutes he was in me again.  I wasn't able to pay much attention to 
anything else except Jack and he fucked me much harder and longer than 
the night before.  But when I felt him filling me up again I got the 
strength to turn my head I saw that Dave, my mom, and Uncle Jeff had 
been watching him fuck me.  I just stood there letting cum run down my 
legs until Jack pulled out of me.  I just rested with my bottom now 
against the dresser as they looked at us and Uncle Jeff leaned down and 
whispered something in my moms ear.  She smiled and kissed him and 
walked over to us and stopped in front of me and just smiled at me for 
minute before she dropped to her knees and took Jacks cock in her mouth 
and cleaned everything off him.  When she was done she stood up, put her 
arms around us and said to Uncle Jeff, "Now we're a family".




CHAPTER THREE
ANGIE BRANCHES OUT


	After that day things were the best they had ever been at my house.  My 
mom was happier than I had ever known her to be and Uncle Jack, now 
completely in the open, was happy as well.  After the fun in Uncle 
Jeff's room was over that morning, mom made us a late breakfast and we 
all sat around naked and ate and laughed after breakfast I went upstairs 
and took a nice long shower.  After my shower I walked by my moms room 
and was greeted by the site of her on her bed, on her hands and knees.  
Jack was behind her with his cock buried in her cunt and Dave was in her 
mouth  close to cuming I could tell.  I just stood and watched them for 
a minute and can remember even now how erotic it seemed to me to watch 
my mom sucking my brother cum down her throat as his big black friend 
pounded her pussy from behind.  I walked away for a few minutes and went 
downstairs to Uncle Jeff's room.  He was laying on his bed with his cock 
in his hand  watching the video of Jack in me the night before.  I 
dropped my towel  and climbed up on the bed with him ad took over for 
him.  I took his cock in my mouth and sucked him till he shot his load 
down my throat.  Then I cleaned him up and we snuggled in bed together 
as we watched the video.  He sat there in silence as  we watched until 
suddenly he asked if I would do something for him.  I said of course and 
he smiled and said good.  He sent me to my room  to get dressed, he 
asked that I wear jeans and a t shirt with my bikini underneath.  After 
I was dressed I went back downstairs and he was just hanging up the 
phone.  We went back upstairs and he told my mom we were going to go out 
for a while.  She just smiled and said OK as she sat on the bed with 
Dave on one side and Jack on the other and a cock in each hand.  Uncle 
Jeff and I got in the car and drove into across town to the home of a 
guy he worked with.  I had never met the man before but he seemed very 
nice when he opened the door.  He was much older than Uncle Jeff, with 
gray hair and a limp he said he got in the war.  We went into his house 
which was obviously much more expensive than our own. He showed us 
around and it was a very nice home. My uncle had obviously been here 
before but he asked the man where his granddaughter was.  He said 
shopping and my uncle said too bad cause he had promised me I could go 
swimming with her in their pool.  The man said she wouldn't be back 
until late, but I could swim if I wanted to.  He showed me to a bathroom 
where I could change and I did.  When I came back out the man just about 
dropped his drink.   My uncle just smiled as he saw the way the man 
looked at me.  The man said he needed to see about getting his 
granddaughter a suit like mine and my uncle said not just anyone would 
look good in that kind of suit.  The man laughed and said that's true, 
but Angie sure looks good in it.  I said thank you and my uncle told me 
to turn around so they could see it.  I did and the man asked my uncle, 
"what kind of bottom is that?"  My uncle told me to come here and he 
turned me around and said its a thong.  The man said it looked very 
nice.  My uncle reached down and traced the string with his finger all 
the way down my bottom.  He said the string is where it gets its name.  
The man cautiously reached out and did the same, his hand shaking as it 
slid down my bottom.  His voice cracked as he said it was very  nice.  
My uncle just smiled and told me to have a seat for a minute.  Then he 
asked the man where he could go to the restroom.  The man showed him and 
my uncle left and I was alone with the man.  He asked if I wanted a coke 
or something and I said sure let me get it and he pointed to his bar and 
I got us both one.  I could feel his eyes on me as I walked across the 
room and I intentionally went around his coffee table and moved between 
it and where he was on the sofa.  He asked me what kind of material the 
suit was made out of and I stopped right in front of him with my back to 
him and told him I didn't know.  I asked if he saw a tag in back and he 
leaned forward and looked at the thong and said he didn't see one.  I 
told him it might be cotton but he said he didn't think so and he put 
his hand out and touched the string and said no definitely not cotton.  
He kept running his hand up and down the string and each time he did 
more and more of his hand touched my bottom until finally he was just 
massaging my butt cheek.  I just stood there and let him  touch me for a 
minute.  Then, in a cracked voice he said maybe the label was on my top. 
 I said maybe and got down on my knees, with my back still to him and 
told him to look.  He looked all over the back, running the string 
through his hand and his hands on my skin.  He said no and I said maybe 
in front and leaned back into him.  He looked over my shoulder down on 
my breasts and in a minute he traced the shoulder strap with his hand 
across my shoulder and down to my chest.  He pinched my bikini top with 
his two fingers and pulled it about a half an inch from my chest and the 
let it go.  He said nope no label and I said are you sure, look again.  
He hesitated fro a minute and then did the same thing again, this time 
he  pulled my top out far enough to see down it.  He just looked for a 
minute and then suddenly both his hands were on my chest and his mouth 
was on my neck.  He pulled my top down and pinched my nipples between 
his fingers.  He whispered into my ear that he wanted me.  And that's 
how we looked when my uncle walked back into the room.  As soon as he 
saw my uncle the man jerked his hands from my chest and sat back.  My 
uncle just smiled and walked over to me and pulled me to my feet. He 
faced me to the man and his hand undid my top and it fell  away.  He 
looked at the man and said, "Greg, Do you want my niece?"  The man 
looked shocked but his eyes never left my chest.  After a minute he 
slowly nodded his head and my uncle leaned close and whispered that I 
was doing great.  He gave me my instructions and he sat down in a chair. 
 I just stood there letting the man look at me.  My uncle said, "Greg, 
you and I are old friends and we can work something out."  Then my uncle 
said go ahead Angie.  I knelt in front of the man and placed my hands on 
his slacks.  I reached up and unzipped them and worked my hand inside. A 
minute later his penis was in my hand and I was stroking it.  He leaned 
his head back and closed his eyes and  said, "God yes, Angie, Suck it".  
My uncle said, "No Greg, say suck it Samantha".  I learned later that 
Samantha was the mans granddaughter.  He hesitated for a few minutes and 
my uncle said, "OK Angie, you can stop".  But the man said no don't stop 
and then he said, "Don't stop Samantha, I want you to suck my penis".  
My uncle nodded to me and I bent down and took him in my mouth.  It 
wasn't hard to do because he was a lot smaller than Uncle Jeff.  As I 
was sucking him he was moaning loudly and my uncle moved over beside us 
and said, "Tell her you like it Greg. Tell Samantha you like the way she 
sucks your cock".  And he said it and my uncle said, " Do you want to 
taste Samantha's pussy, Greg?  Do you want to slide that cock into your 
granddaughters hole?"  The man said yes, yes, he wanted to fuck his 
granddaughter. and then Uncle Jeff told me to make him cum and about two 
minutes later I did.  After I had licked the man clean, they sent me to 
change my clothes.  When I came back out  they were shaking hands and 
the man thanked me and said he would see me tomorrow.  We left and on 
the way home I asked what the man had meant and my uncle said we were 
going back tomorrow. 
	When we got home my mom and Dave were laying in bed asleep and Jack was 
going home for the night.  Uncle Jeff was going to lay down for a while 
and Jack asked if I wanted to walk home with him. It was only about a 
block so I did. We walked slowly and talked about what had happened he 
said he had cum in my mom four times that days.  I said wow and  told 
him what I had done.  He stopped and hugged me and told me I was the 
coolest girl he knew.  I accepted the compliment and hugged him back.  
After I had left Jack and started home I thought about how much better 
things were going to be now at home.  I was so involved in what I  was 
thinking that I missed my street and walked about a block too far.  When 
I turned around and headed back a van pulled up beside me and asked me 
for directions to the mall.  I tried to explain it to him but he didn't 
understand.  He asked me if I could give him just show him and he'd 
bring me back.  I thought about it for a minute and climbed in the 
passengers side and he took off.  After I was in I noticed that there 
was another man in the back of the van and I was a little surprised.  
They introduced themselves and Nathan and Anthony.  They were both black 
and probably in their 30's.  They asked me my name and I told them.  
Then they asked how old I was and I said 13.  They said no way I was 13. 
Nathan who was in back told me he knew I was too pretty to 13 and I just 
smiled.  He asked if I wanted to sit in back with  him and I hesitated. 
He said that it was OK and then we pulled into the mall.  Anthony parked 
the van and turned to me and they were both just looking at me and I 
asked what was the matter.  They said I should prove I was 13 before  
they took me home. They had both moved really close to me and their 
hands were on my knees. I told them no but they took my hands and pulled 
me into the back of the van.  Anthony held my hands behind my back and 
Nathan said I had to have some ID on me somewhere. He ran his hands up 
and down my shirt, down across my crotch and to my rear. He told Anthony 
he couldn't find any.  Anthony told him to look harder.  Nathan reached 
down and lifted my shirt up and over my head, then he took my swimsuit 
top off.  Anthony had let go of my hands and was unbuttoning my jeans.  
They laid me down and slid my jeans and suit off and just looked down at 
me for a minute.  Nathan said, "Look at the pussy on that girl."  He 
asked, "Are you really 13?"  I said yes and he said old enough for me.  
They both took their pants off but left their shirts on.  Nathan reached 
down and grabbed my face and held it still while he kissed me.  He 
seemed surprised when I kissed him back and he let go of my face. He 
looked up at Anthony and said, "Tony, this little white bitch wants it". 
 Anthony looked at me as he ran his fingers up and down my slit.  He 
asked me, "Do you want us to fuck you?"  I nodded my head yes and they 
both laughed.  They said "we like you girl, you're all right" and 
Anthony climbed on top of me and pushed his cock into me.  I was a 
little dry and it hurt but soon it felt really good. He was big, but not 
nearly as big as Jack.  He fucked me for about 10 minutes before he came 
in me. As he climbed off of me he told Nathan OK man sloppy seconds and 
Nathan said fuck that.  He rolled me over onto my stomach and pulled my 
hips to him.  He got his fingers wet in my cunt and suddenly he was 
pushing a finger into my rear.  I was scared then and tried to get away 
but he held me and had Anthony hold me down.  A few minutes later he 
began pushing his cock into my ass.  If I thought it hurt when Jack 
entered me, then this hurt twice as much but it was over sooner.  By the 
time he was in me I was crying from the pain and Anthony was screaming  
to "fuck that white girls ass, Nate".  Nathan began fucking in and out 
of me like an animal until he came in my ass.  When he was done he 
pulled out of me and they rolled me onto my back.  I didn't want to move 
and they asked if I was all right.  I nodded my head yes and they both 
leaned down and kissed me.  They said "You are really cool Angie".  
Nathan said "yeah and a great fuck too'. They both laughed at that and 
then they cleaned me up and we got dressed.  They took me home and they 
gave me their phone number and said to call them.  I said I would and 
got out of the van after kissing them both. 
	When I walked into the house my mom was cooking dinner and to my 
surprise she was wearing only an apron.  She looked really sweet though 
and I just smiled at her.  She asked what I had been up too and I said 
nothing.  She walked over and gave me a kiss, pressing her tongue into 
my mouth.  She hugged me and told me she loved me and to get ready for 
dinner.  I went upstairs and when I passed my moms room I saw Dave still 
sleeping nude on moms bed.  I went in a woke and told him it was time 
for dinner and we went in the bathroom and washed up.  That evening at 
dinner we all talked and laughed and had the most fun evening we had in 
a long time.  That night was my moms night off and we all slept in moms 
bed after making love to each other
	The next morning Uncle Jeff woke me up and told me I wasn't going to 
school that day.  I got out of bed leaving my mom and David wrapped up 
together asleep and followed Uncle Jeff into my room.  He had laid out 
clothes for me to wear when we went back to his friends house.  He had 
chosen my shortest shorts and a half top  that really didn't fit 
anymore, under that was my new bikini.  I showered and got dressed and 
met him downstairs. He was wearing a pair of shorts and a T-shirt.  He 
said we would be swimming today and we stopped on the way and got some 
tanning lotion.  When we got to Greg's house Uncle Jeff knocked on the 
door and it was answered by a girl who was about 11 years old.  She had 
short red hair and her boobs were already bigger than mine, but only a 
little, otherwise she was about the same size as me.  She was wearing a 
one-piece blue swimsuit and shorts.  My uncle said hello Samantha this 
is Angie, my niece.  Samantha said hello and to call her Sam.  She told 
us to come on around back where her Granddad was.  We went through the 
house and into the backyard.  Greg was sitting by the pool and he looked 
like he had already had a few drinks.  We said hello and Uncle Jeff sat 
down with Greg. Samantha and I went in to get drinks for them and I 
learned that she would be 12 in a month and her parents were away at a 
wedding for a week.  She said it was really cool that we got to take the 
day off from school and I agreed.  We took the drinks outside and Sam 
asked if I was ready to swim and I said sure.  We both took off our 
outer clothes and got ready to go in.  I could feel her staring at my 
swimsuit as I climbed into the water and we both swam down to the deep 
end.  When we got to the diving board we talked for a minute and she 
asked me where I got my swimsuit.  I told her my Uncle Jeff bought it  
for me and she said wow.  She said she'd get killed if she ever wore 
anything like that.  I told her that I didn't think so, men liked it 
when girls dressed like this.  I told her that her granddad would 
probably buy her one if she asked, but she didn't believe me.  I told 
her she just needed to be nice to him and he would.  She just shrugged 
her shoulders and swam away.  I got out and laid down on my towel to tan 
for a while and she came out and laid down beside me.  A few minutes 
later Uncle Jeff asked if I wanted some oil on my back and I said yes.  
He walked over and straddled my back and rubbed oil on my back and 
shoulders.  Sam was watching I'm as we talked and he could tell she was 
watching.  He slid his hands down to my bare bottom and rubbed oil on 
them he made a point of rubbing and squeezing my bottom while she 
watched, then he did my legs.  When he was done he asked her if she 
wanted some and she said yes.  He got up off of me and I laid there 
talking to her as he straddled her back.  He rubbed oil on her back and 
shoulders and I could tell he was grinding his hips into her a little.  
She was very quiet as he oiled down her back to her bottom.  She had a 
lot more material covering her bottom than I did, but he still grabbed 
and squeezed her butt.  When he was pretty sure she was used to his 
hands he slipped his fingers under the material on both sides and oiled 
underneath her suit.  Then he oiled up and down her legs and he winked 
at me when I saw him run his hand between her legs.  Then he got up and 
he and Greg, who had watched this whole thing, went in to refill their 
drinks.  When they were gone she said she couldn't believe my Uncle had 
touched my bottom like that.  I pointed out that he had touched hers 
too.  I told her men liked to touch girls and they did it to me all the 
time.  She seemed to think about that for a while until they came back 
out announcing they wanted to swim.  We all got in the pool and swam 
around for a while.  Then Uncle Jeff suggested we play a game called 
Lifeguard, where one person goes underwater and the others have to save 
them.  I was the first victim and as Uncle Jeff, Greg, and to a lesser 
extent, Samantha saved me I got lots of touches on my boobs and bottom.  
Next they declared it was Samantha's turn.  They let her go under and a 
second later they went after her. I let them get her because I knew what 
they were doing. They stayed under a long time and I could seeing they 
were both "copping feels" on her.  The next time it was my turn they 
rescued me and when I came up my top had been pulled to the side.  I 
pretended to be embarrassed and fixed it.  Then it was Samantha's turn.  
She went under and they went after her and I could see they were trying 
to get her suit off her.  When she came up a minute later her strap was 
broken and her boobs were exposed.  She covered herself up and started 
to get out of the pool when Uncle Jeff suggested that Greg should buy 
her a suit like mine because it was stronger.  She asked her Granddad if 
he would and he said he didn't know cause didn't know how she would look 
in one.  She started to almost beg, standing there holding her suit 
across her chest.  Uncle Jeff suggested that she try on my suit so they 
could see how it looked and we all went into the house.  She and I went 
to her room and I took my suit off and gave it to her.  She gave me a t 
shirt to wear and we went back downstairs.  When we walked  into the 
room they both stopped and stared at her.  Her granddad said she was 
very beautiful. And she started blushing.  Uncle Jeff asked her to come 
closer so they could see and she went over to where they were sitting 
they looked her over and had her turn around and they told her how nice 
she looked.  Uncle Jeff put his hand on her bottom and told her she 
certainly had the bottom for that suit.  He squeezed her rear and she 
giggled and then her granddad did the same.  In a second they were 
running their hands all over her back and bottom.  Uncle Jeff suggested 
that Greg shouldn't get her one unless she was a good girl though.  She 
promised she would be and they said they didn't know.  Uncle Jeff asked 
her what she would do for a suit like mine.  She said anything.  He said 
they would see and he told her to bend over a little. She didn't 
understand but she did it and soon they were looking at her pussy 
covered by only the string of the thong.  A minute later Uncle Jeff told 
her to turn around and she faced them.  He told her to close her eyes 
and keep them closed and if she opened them, no suit. "Right Greg", he 
said and Greg nodded his head.  She closed her eyes and when she did 
Uncle Jeff put his hand on her stomach and he told her to keep her eyes 
closed and he slid his hand up her stomach and placed it over her 
breast.  She held her breath and didn't move, nor did she open her eyes. 
 He said good girl and he reached up and slipped the straps from her 
shoulders letting the suit fall from her breasts.  Greg placed his hand 
on the other breast and they spent a moment massaging her chest then 
Uncle Greg got up and took her shoulders and guided her into Greg's 
arms.  Greg hugged her waist to him and took one of her nipples into his 
mouth.  Uncle Jeff walked over to me and pulled his cock from his shorts 
and I got on my knees and took him into my mouth.  We watched as Greg 
sucked one nipple, then the other and reached up and pulled his 
granddaughters mouth to his own.  She tried to pull away at first and he 
held her face to his until she stopped fighting.  Uncle Jeff had grown 
hard in my mouth and he pulled me to my feet. He reached down and pulled 
the T-shirt over my head and dropped it on the floor.  We then walked to 
the sofa and he pushed me  down beside Greg.  Uncle Jeff then took Sam's 
shoulders and turned her round facing him and he bent and kissed her, 
his hands going on her bottom drawing her to him.  Greg had pulled me 
over onto his lap and he was busily taking his cock from his shorts as 
he watched my uncle fondle his granddaughter.  Uncle Jeff had sunk to 
his knees in order to take Samantha's breasts into his mouth and his 
hands slid her bottoms to the floor. A minute later he had lowered her 
to the floor and was working him tongue across her slit as Greg watched. 
 Greg had by this time gotten his cock free and was working it into my 
pussy. I was whispering into his ear as I sank onto his pole, fuck me 
Greg, fuck me hard. He responded by thrusting his hips upward and 
burying the last inch or so of his cock into my pussy.  Samantha had 
begun to make noises as my uncle brought her close to her first orgasm.  
As we watched she began to buck her hips up to meet his mouth.  But 
before she reached her orgasm he pulled away and climbed her body until 
his cock was at the entrance to her vagina.  He reached down and slowly 
guided himself into her and as he entered her, the orgasm she had lost 
returned and she thrust her hips to his and as his hips touched hers I 
could see the spasms of her first orgasm rock her body.  As his 
granddaughters orgasm ebbed Greg finally reached his and I could feel 
his juices enter me.  I sat on his lap until he slipped out of me and I 
got up.  Uncle Jeff was still whispering into Sam's ear trying to calm 
her as he slow began to move in and out  of her.  I knelt on the floor  
behind them and reached between his legs and massaged Uncle Jeff's ball 
while he fucked her.  Minutes later he pulled out of her and shot his 
load all over her pussy and thighs.  He then guided my mouth there and I 
licked every drop off her. 
	When we were done she and I went upstairs and cleaned up.  She asked if 
I had ever done that before and I said yes.  She said cool.  I told her 
it was a lot of fun and I really liked it.  She just smiled and we went 
back downstairs laughing ,wearing nothing but t shirts.  When we got 
downstairs Greg and Uncle Jeff were watching the video of me and Jack 
that Dave had taken.  We sat and watched it with them and she asked 
questions about how different things felt.  I answered what I could and 
soon we were all getting horny again.  Greg had his hand between Sam's 
legs and I had Uncle Jeff's cock in my hand when Uncle Jeff suggested  
we get on the floor. So Sam and I lost our T-shirts and Uncle Jeff 
positioned us on the floor.  He had Sam lay on the floor and me lay on 
top of her facing the other way( I learned later this was a 69).  I 
immediately dove my face into Sam's pussy, licking for all I was worth, 
but she was shy about liking me so Uncle Jeff alternated between licking 
me and kissing her.  Greg moved down in front of my face and slid his 
cock into his granddaughter.  Uncle Jeff entered me from behind and they 
fucked us that way.  Uncle Jeff came first and filled me for the second 
time. And soon after Greg pulled his cock from Sammy and came in mouth.  
Uncle Jeff said it was time for us to go an Sammy and I made plans for 
her to sleep over at my house soon.  When Uncle Jeff and I walked out 
the door Sammy and Greg were at it again with her giving her first 
blowjob to her granddad
	Uncle Jeff took me to McDonalds on the way home as a thank you for the 
day.  He told me he had been planning to fuck Sammy since he had first 
seen her shortly after moving here.  I told him she was a lot of fun and 
he said yes, she was, but not as much as his niece.  I smiled at that 
and we made our way home.  It was about 4 o'clock and mom would be going 
to work soon, but when we walked in the house we found her in bed with 
Dave and Jack again.  This time with her bouncing up and down on Dave's 
cock while she sucked Jacks.  I was too tired to join in but Uncle Jack 
did and I went and took a nap.  My mom woke me up before she went to 
work that night and told me she had heard about my day.  I asked her if 
Samantha could stay over and she said yes. Then she kissed me and said 
good-bye.  I got up and went downstairs and watching TV with Dave and 
Jack while Uncle Jeff slept.  That night I made love to Dave and Jack 
before Jack went home and Dave and I fell asleep together. 


CHAPTER THREE
SAMMY MEETS THE FAMILY


	Later that week, Sammy and I got permission for her to sleep over, with 
the condition I did the same at her grandfathers house the next night.  
Uncle Jeff picked Sammy up Friday after school and she was at my house 
when I got there.  We went to my room and caught up on things.  She and 
her granddad had made love everyday since I saw her last.  They had even 
tried anal sex once.  She showed me her new swimsuit which was even 
smaller than mine and we both tried it on.  Dave and Jack  came in 
shortly later and Dave took a real liking to Sammy.  We modeled our 
swimsuit for them and they both loved them.  Later Uncle Jeff made us 
dinner and we ate laughing and joking. After dinner we got ready for 
bed, I wore my usual and Sammy wore a T-shirt and panties.  All five of 
us sat in the living room later and played spin the bottle.  After Sammy 
and I had kissed each of the guys about 4 times and each other twice we 
went to Uncle Jeff's room.  He had his video camera setup and he turned 
the lights down.  He and Dave and Jack all stripped and climbed onto the 
bed and then Sammy and I undressed and climbed in bed with them.  Jack 
and Dave both climbed on Sammy and Uncle Jack and I watched while he 
played with me.  Dave concentrated on Sammy face and chest while Jack 
licked her pussy and although she had only had her grandfather before 
then she did great at handling both the guys.  Jack ate her to her first 
orgasm and Dave was above her with his cock in her mouth as Jack started 
to enter her.  It seemed like forever but after much stop and go Jack 
had his cock in her and started to fuck her.  She was going crazy with 
each of his thrusts and I knew how she felt.  I leaned over and sucked 
each of her nipples in my mouth and Jack fucked her pussy, my brother 
her face, and Uncle Jeff fucked me from behind.  Dave was the first of 
the guys to cum, filling her mouth with his juices, some of which 
dribbled from the corner of her mouth.  Uncle Jeff was next as he shot 
his load into my pussy.  But Jack seemed like he would last forever. He 
had started fucking her like a wildman and her leg were forcing open as 
he spread her to the limits until finally he thrust his hips to hers and 
held them there with his cum filling her pussy and running freely out 
around his cock.  After Jack pulled from her I lowered my head and 
licked her pussy clean and did the same to Jacks cock.  By then Dave and 
Jeff were ready to go again but Sammy was too tired so we ended up 
sucking each of them off twice more she and I went to my room and went 
to sleep. 
	I woke the next morning and thought that Sammy had left but when I went 
downstairs to see I found her in my moms room.  She was lying on my moms 
bed and my moms face was buried in her pussy.  Jack was behind my mom 
fucking her and Uncle Jeff was taping it all.  I went and jumped into 
the shower and was only in there a minute before Dave joined me.  We 
talked and played for a while and I told him I'd suck him off if he 
wanted, but he told me no and had me bend over and then my brother put 
his cock in my ass.  I was more surprised than anything by what he did, 
but it didn't hurt much and it felt much better once he got going.  He 
asked me if I liked it and I said yes as he filled my ass with his cum.  
 We got out of the shower just in time to find my mom and Sammy had 
switched positions, with my mom on her back and Jack drilling Sammy from 
behind.  Sammy had her face buried in my moms pussy and my mom was 
holding her head there.  I thought about how much Sammy had grown in 
this one week as I watched Jack shoot his load into her and my mom cum 
in her face seconds later.  After they had cleaned up(with my mom and 
Sammy showering together  we had breakfast and then Sammy and I got 
ready to go to her granddads house.  Uncle Jeff was working an overnight 
haul so my mom drove us and got to meet Sammy's granddad.  It was a hot 
day and Sammy and I immediately changed into our new suits and went 
swimming.  As we went outside we saw my mom and Greg watching the video 
Uncle Jeff had shot the previous night.  Sammy and I swam for about an 
hour when my mom came out and called us into the house.  When we walked 
in we saw her granddad laying on the sofa with my mom sitting beside 
him. She had his cock in her hand and she said, "Angie, come here and 
take care of this".  I dropped my suit and walked over and took his cock 
in my mouth.  My mom, meanwhile, walked over and guided Sammy to the 
floor.  Greg stood up and turned me so I was laying across the coffee 
table and he entered me from behind.  He and I watched as my mom and 
Sammy 69'd on the floor in front of us.  My mom looked up and saw us 
watching them and she told Sammy that her Granddad hadn't believed she 
would eat a woman's pussy.  Sammy raised her head and smiled at her 
granddad, my moms juices glistening on her face.  Sammy turned her 
attention back to my mom and Greg reached his hands around me and played 
with my tits as my mom watched.  She asked him if he liked my body and 
he said yes.  She told him, Good, but don't you come inside her. I want 
to see Sammy swallow that".  He told her he was just about ready and she 
told Sammy to get up and her granddad moved away from me and went to 
Sammy.  She got on her knees and took him in her mouth and he started 
fucking her face.  My mom was behind Sammy with her hands massaging 
Sammy's tits as she gave them encouragement.  She said, Face her face 
Greg.  I want her to taste her grandfathers cum.  Cum in her mouth for 
me Greg."  Finally Greg pushed one last time and buried Sammy's nose in 
his pubic hair as he pumped his semen down her throat.  Sammy was a 
trooper and took it all without losing a drop.  My mom pulled Sammy away 
from Greg's dick and stuck her tongue in Sammy's mouth tasting the cum 
Greg had left there.  Greg excused himself and went upstairs to clean 
up.  After he was gone my mom hugged Sammy and I against her and told us 
she was proud of us. She said she had to go, but she wanted us to take 
care of Greg so Sammy could keep visiting us.  She got dressed and left. 
 After we watched her pull away we went into the kitchen and made some 
sandwiches and went in to watch some television.  Greg came back down 
later and we were watching a movie and we were still nude and he just 
smiled when he saw us.
	We made love to Greg three more times that day and when we left him 
that night to go to bed he was watching the movie of Sammy getting 
fucked by Jack.  Sammy and I curled up in bed together that night and I 
told her she was my best friend and we made love to each other and the 
last thing I remember was us promising to be friends forever.
	The next day we made love to Greg one more time before my mom picked me 
up and she invited them over for dinner soon.  On the ride home I told 
her about my night and she told me about hers.  She had spent the night 
with Dave and Jack in her bed.  She said Uncle Jeff wouldn't be home 
until late tonight and we had the house to ourselves.  We stopped at the 
video store and got a couple of movies and we went home and had a quiet 
evening together.  That night we talked about everything that had 
happened since Uncle Jeff had moved in and we decided we liked the 
changes.  We made love that night softly and fell asleep in each others 
arms. 










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....