     It was getting close to lunch time and I was already restless. I
was staring into the terminal of my workstation, not concentrating on
what I
needed to do, but thinking of wild sexual encounters involving myself
and my latest lust.
     There was a light tap at the door behind me, taking me out of
my reverie. I turned to see the part-timer, Anita, looking around the
door as she opened it. She had started the previous day. She was doing
a report for
the boss and I had been assigned to answer any questions that she may
have
had.
     The day before, while she had been in the adjacent office, going
over the project with the boss I couldn't help but notice her. She wore
a modest skirt which came to about her knees. He legs were marvelous,
thin and shapely. She had a fine body with sensual curves. She wasn't
skinny, or thin, but she was fine. Her breasts, full and perfectly
proportioned, pressed against the light blouse that she wore. Her face
was pretty and she had a wonderful mane of
long, auburn hair.
     As she left the office with her bundle of notebooks and papers,
Anita's eyes met mine. They were a light shade of brown, . Her smile
was
infectious. It made an electric sensation go through my body and my
head was light. I smiled my best smile back at her. She didn't look
away and with a
wave and a crinkle of her eye, she said "See You!", and was out the
door. She was scheduled to be here for the rest of the week and
suddenly I had the feeling that it was going to be quite good.
     She had come by on two occasions the previous day. On the first,
she had only inquired about how to format the report she was working
on. She stood at the door, leaning into my office as she asked.
     I turned in my chair to face her.  Her hair fell over her
shoulders as
she leaned forward and her blouse fell open a bit, offering a brief
glimpse
of the treasures in there as she asked, "How should print this when I'm
done?" I could feel a stirring in my loins. I said "You can just keep
the text in block paragraphs and put the figures in columns under
however many headings
you feel necessary." I couldn't take my eyes away from the opening of
her blouse, hoping that I would get another view. When I finally
shifted my gaze
up to her face, Anita had a knowing look and a sly smile. She said
"O.K., I
can do that.", then she stepped out of the office and closed the door
behind her.
     Later when she returned she had a rough draft of the report
compiled from a small percentage of the stats she had reviewed. She set
the pad on the desk in front of me and leaned over my shoulder and
pointed out key elements as I read. I could smell her scent, not a
perfume, but a sweet feminine scent. I could hardly concentrate, I
could feel my pulse quicken. Her hair was on my shoulder and felt as
light as clouds. As I turned to speak to her while she leaned over me,
I notice that her blouse had been unbuttoned one button down from where
it had been. I had a full view of the gorgeous swell of her
breasts through the top of her blouse. Ooh, it was delicious. Her
breasts were full, clad in a white lacy bra and they stretched her
blouse so that from my position I was awarded with this gorgeous view.
I thought I was going to fall out of my chair. I said "Yes, this format
looks very good, I like the way they..., it stands out." I felt her
press her hips into my side as she stood next to me. My cock was
beginning to get very hard. I turned toward her in my chair as she
collected her papers. She was looking straight at the bulge in my pants
with her lips slightly parted as she ran her pink tongue over them. She
said "Yes I like the way it stands out too.", and gave my shoulder a
squeeze
as she turned to go.
     For the remainder of the day and that evening my I was constantly
thinking how she would look naked, or clad only in her thin filmy
blouse and a pair of socks. I had fantasies of sucking on her hard
nipples, of how her soft red pubic hair would feel on my face and more.
I wondered if things had actually transpired as I had remembered. Had
she really been wetting her lips as she stared at my stiff cock? Or was
I just hoping that she was?
     I awoke this morning with a raging hardon and sleepy memories of
passionate, erotic love making with Anita in my dreams. I couldn't stop
thinking, fantasizing about her. My cock was in a constant state of
fullness and I was thinking of doing anything and everything to her,
for her, with her.  Now, here I was sitting, kicked back in my office
chair engulfed in thoughts
of hard, wet, steamy sex with this person I barely knew,but wanted bad,
and here she was!
     Her face had a radiant smile that seemed  like it was meant just
for me.  Anita stepped into the office and shut the door. She peaked
around the door into my bosses adjacent office and upon noticing that
it was dark and unoccupied she asked
     "Where's Janet today?".
     "She called in and said she needed a mental health break today and
     said
she wouldn't be in until this afternoon, if at all." I responded.
      "Well, I came by to pick up a notebook that was over here in
Janet's office and I don't know where it is."
     She went into Janet's office and began to look around. As usual,
Janet's office was a wreck with papers, reports and books strewn about.
I watched
Anita look in the book case and on the table, moving papers and other
miscellaneous items about.
     As she went about the room I watched the way she moved, the
positions and curves of her body. As she looked for the notebook Anita
was saying "We were looking through it yesterday..." She knew I was in
the doorway watching and almost seemed to be posing at times. I could
feel an excitement growing and I was feeling slightly out of breath as
my penis grew and throbbed as I stood watching her.
     Anita turned and said, "There it is!" Pointing to a blue binder
that was under the desk opposite the door. Before I could move to pick
it up for her
she had bent over from the hip, with her legs straight like she was
going to tie her shoes and was reaching for the book. Her skirt rode up
her legs to a height that almost revealed the bottom of her panties.
Her ass was
magnificent! Nicely shaped, with her skirt pulled tight around it, it
was too much to resist.
     I stepped up very close behind her, wanting to press my straining
cock into her ass, but instead, stopping bare inches before making
contact.
     I said "Can I help you?"
     Anita leaned back into me, grinding her luscious butt on my
     crotch,  "I
hoped you would." "Oooh", she moaned as she laid her head on one arm
folded across the desk and hiked up her skirt with the other, while
humping against
me with her ass.
     I held onto her waist as I returned her pressure against me,
grinding my hard dick against her ass. By now my cock was immense,
wanting to be freed, wanting to be in her.
     Anita was keeping up a steady motion and making soft moaning
sounds. In one fluid motion she stood up and turned around while
dropping her skirt.
     I kissed her hard and felt her hot, probing tongue enter my mouth.
She pressed her body against mine. I could feel her breasts against my
chest and pulled her tighter against me. I reached around and squeezed
her ass in my hands.
     Anita's breathing was heavy, and I was getting extremely excited.
We let go of each other and I stood back to look at her.
     She had kicked off her shoes and her legs, long and lean, were
smoothe as silk.
     Her panties were so skimpy they were almost not there, they were
so thin
I could see her ample bush of red pubic hair through them and how she
was already wet with excitement.
     I reached for the buttons on her blouse. Starting from the bottom,
I released them one by one. Her blouse opened to reveal her gorgeous
breasts. I leaned over and kissed her hard on the mouth as my hands
moved up to caress
her magnificent orbs. They were large and I was surprised at their
firmness. I I ran my hands down her sides and squeezed her ass, then,
still frenching with her I caressed her back until I came upon the
strap to her bra.
     Anita let out an audible sigh as her bra strap came free. She
reached up and loosened my tie then began to unbutton my shirt. I took
my tie completely off and kicked off my shoes as Anita reached my belt.
She played her fingers over the belt then squeezed my bulging cock as
she whispered "Why do I want
you so bad?".
     I stepped back, reaching up to slide her blouse off of her
shoulders, as it fell to the floor, Anita shrugged her bra off and
proudly displayed her tits. They were big and perky. Her areolas were
half again as big as a silver dollar, with nipples as big as my thumb
and protruding half an inch. They looked so excellent! I put my mouth
on her left nipple, feeling it grow and harden as I sucked and licked
it. Anita was crooning and as I moved to suck
her other nipple she unbuckled my belt and released the catch on my
pants, which fell about my ankles.
     I buried my face in her cleavage and she squeezed her breasts
against my face.
     Anita pressed her breasts against me. She moved them up and down
and back and forth across my face before moving down to my chest. She
continued down my body, rubbing in a circular motion while kissing and
nipping my chest.
     As she reached my stomach, she slid her hands down my back and
under my shorts. She didn't stop, and ran her hands down over my ass
and down my legs, carrying my shorts off.
     As I stepped out of my shorts and pants, Anita was rubbing her
lips and cheeks up and down the  entire length of my hard cock.
     I watched as she kneeled in front of me, kissing and licking the
underside of my prick from the base to just under the head. My legs
were shaking as she had my ass in both hands and was nibbling all
around my cock
and balls. My cock was hard as steel, wet with Anita's saliva and
twitching with excitement.
     Anita rolled her eyes up to look at me as she began to suck my
raging penis into her hot mouth. Her lips moved over my cock head and
down the shaft until she had swallowed all of it.
     I groaned with pleasure as she sucked on my entire cock, flicking
her tongue across the bottom then releasing pressure, sliding her mouth
back, letting my cock come almost completely out of her mouth, then
going slowly
back down to swallow even more.
     I ran my fingers through Anita's silky hair, grabbing handfuls and
pumping my hips slowly as she continued to suck me deeply into her
mouth.
     Anita started to move faster and I felt a surge building deep in
my balls. She was taking my entire length into her mouth. I could feel
myself coming up against the back of her throat, and she wanted more of
it.
     Anita was grunting and slurping as my cock drove in and out of her
mouth.  She liked what she was doing and she was good at it.
     I held fistfulls of her auburn hair as I pumped my cock into her
welcoming mouth. Anita was bobbing her head, feverishly sucking my dick
while she was griping and stroking the base of my cock with her hand.
She began to coo as she tasted the pre-come that started to spill from
my penis.
     I could feel an orgasm coming. My toes were curled tight, my legs
were tense and my butt was clenched as I felt the excitement build. I
lost all
sense of time and place as the sensation built to a climax. Anita
continued to voraciously suck and pull on my cock, licking it,
swallowing it. I felt as
hard as granite and as big as a tree and I could feel it in the bottom
of my balls as I started to come. My cock throbbed, sending waves of
pleasure and pain through my rod, pumping a huge load of come into
Anita's mouth. My cock kept pulsating and throbbing, shooting great
wads of come.
     Anita was lapping it all up, swallowing my cock as I was coming
and licking the head of my cock and rubbing it across her lips as come
pulsed from me. She still held me around the base of my cock and as my
orgasm began to
fade she milked every last drop from me.
     My orgasm was so forceful my legs were shaking and weak. I had
never experienced anything so good and looked down in amazement as
Anita slid her mouth off my cock. She had come on her face and was
licking it off her lips.  As I helped her shakily to her feet she said
"ooh, I love that, I love the taste of your come!" She licked her lips
then kissed me. As she kissed me she darted her tongue, wet with my
come and her saliva into my mouth and it did taste good.
    I kissed her face, her neck, moving down to her shoulders as I
caressed
her body with my hands. I continued kissing down her soulders and her
arms
then moved over to suck her breasts. Her nipples were rock hard. I
sucked
first the right nipple while gently holding and squeezing her left
breast.  Then I started to lick her entire tit and moved my mouth to
suck her left nipple and flick it with my tongue.
    I then started to kiss my way down her flat stomach, arriving at
the waist band of her panties. I got on my knees and I nuzzled my face
and nose against her pubic mound and scraped my teeth against her pussy
through the sheer
fabric of her panties. Her crotch was absolutely soaked with pussy
juice. I licked at her through her panties as Anita began to sigh and
grind her crotch into my face.
     I reach up and with both hands pulled her panties down to her
ankles. She stepped out of them and leaned back against the desk. I
picked up the panties and looking at her held them to my nose as I drew
in her wonderful scent.
      I dropped them to the floor, then I continued to nuzzle her pussy
and
nip at her with my teeth. Anita sat back on the desk and spread her
legs wide, giving me total access to her fabulous cunt.
     As I brought by tongue up across her outer lips Anita put her legs
over
my shoulders, putting her heels on my back and pulled me toward her. I
again licked lightly over her pussy as it began to open like a flower
blossoming. I then licked harder, my tongue going between her outer
lips, tasting her nectar and ending up on her hardening clit. I licked
circles around her clit as Anita began to moan. Then I moved down and
stuck my tongue into her pussy as deep as it would go, flicking it in
and out and up and down tasting her sweet juices.
     Anita was pulling me to her with her legs and grinding her pussy
into my face.
     I was driving my tongue in and out of her cunt as she bobbed her
hips up and down, then I moved down and began to rim her ass hole. As I
flicked my tongue around her tight bum hole, I could feel it begin to
relax and my tongue was able to enter a little ways.
     I moved back to her dripping pussy, sticking my tongue in as deep
as it would go, swallowing the love juices running from her cunt, then
sucking on
her clit, then tongue fucking her some more, then sucking her clit. As
I
sucked her clit, I would flick little circles on it with my tongue.
     Anita was now really grinding her pussy into my face and making
more noise, moaning, groaning and yelping, telling me to lick and suck
and eat her.  I was hard again by this time, tasting Anita's cunt and
listening to the
sounds she was making.
     I kept on licking and sucking her pussy as she grabbed me by the
hair, pulling my face into her soaking pussy. I moved down and licked
her ass hole some more and it was puckering tight then relaxed then
tight again.
     I moved back to her pussy and put my tongue in deep, at the same
time sucking her clit. I had a mouthfull of cunt. I was grinding my
tongue as far
as it would go and moving my head up and down. Anita was constantly
moaning now, she had both her hands on my head pulling my hair, pulling
my head closer to her cunt. I moved my tongue up to her clit again and
I knew she was going
to come.
     Anita was holding me like a vice, grinding her pussy into my face.
As I continued to lick her clit her I could feel her legs tense and she
was saying "Oh yess, Oh yess, come on honey, come on honey I'm going to
come, I'm going
to come, I'M GOING TO COME!!!, OOOOOH, OOOOOH YES, YES, I'M COMMMINGGG
UNGGGHH, YES!!!, AAAhhhhaaa, YESSS, I'M COMING!!!"
     Anita's pussy opened wide and drenched my mouth and face with her
delicious come. As she came I lapped up all I could and she kept
grinding against my mouth. I kept licking but soon Anita pushed me away
saying "No, No, its too much, its too much."
     I got up, and sat down on the office chair. I had a huge grin to
go with the giant hard on that I again had.
     Anita looked at my cock sticking eight inches straight up and with
a grin as big as mine, slid off the desk, stepped over to me and slowly
lowered herself onto my swollen cock. Her pussy was still dripping and
I slid in easily, filling her with my thick length. Her womanhood
wrapped around my shaft like a glove as she put her arms around my
neck, leaned her head back and gave a deep sigh saying "oooohhh, God
thats perfect!" Then she rotated her hips and moved farther down onto
my penis.
     My cock was as hard as a two by four and the feeling of being
buried to the hilt inside Anita was absoloutely amazing. It must have
been the same for her because already I could feel her wetness soaking
out and onto my balls.
     She leaned down and kissed me tenderly as we sat like that, my
cock deep inside her, not moving, just experiencing each other. As we
kissed I ran my hands over her body, across her back, caressing her
breasts and she let her hands run over my body as well.
     I could feel her pussy begin to grip my cock. Gently at first,
making my cock twitch in response. It was so subtle, felt so wonderful.
Her pussy would contract around my cock causing it to throb, the throb
then making her pussy contract again, only this time more insistantly.
This went on for about five minutes as we continued to kiss and touch
each other.
     Soon, Anita was gently rocking on my cock and I was leaning back
in the chair, moving my hips to Anita's slow rythm. I reached up and
held both her breasts in my hands, lightly squeezing her nipples
between my thumb and forefingers. Then I leaned forward and took her
left nipple into my mouth as she arched back putting her hands behind
her on my knees, grinding her pussy onto my cock. As I sucked her
breast, I reached around and squeezed her ass, pulling her onto me.
     I leaned back again, arching my hips to drive deeper into Anita's
cunt.  Anita bore down with her pussy, grinding it onto my cock, taking
every inch into her. Our pace began to quicken. Anita was raising her
hips higher, taking longer strokes of my cock, I was in awe as I
watched her riding me, watching
my big cock split her pussy, watching as her pussy loved on my cock,
making it wet, stroking it, swallowing it.
     Anita now had her feet on the floor straddling me as I leaned back
in the office chair. She was riding my cock with long strokes now,
fucking down with her tight pussy, taking my entire length inside her,
then raising up, letting six or seven inches slide out then coming back
down onto me. I was matching
her stroke for stroke, pumping my cock up into her to meet her
downstroke, driving my big dick as deep as it would go.
     Our fucking was getting quite vigorous and Anita's pussy was
slurping, glishing and farting as my cock pistoned in and out. Her
wetness was flowing now, drenching my cock and balls, making the chair
wet.
     The chair, with pneumatic height adjustment, was bouncing up and
down
with our movement. Anita kept stroking and fucking my cock with her
glorious pussy, and I watched as my thick member was engulfed time and
again. She would change the rhythm, from fast and frantic to long and
slow then back again. She was making sounds again, grunts and moans
interspersed with words like "Ooooh yes, Oooh harder, harder, don't
stop, don't stop, don't stop, fuck me, yesss!  Your cock, its so, its
so fucking good!" It turned me on, making my cock stiff to hear how she
loved fucking my erectness. The smell of our sex filled the office.
     Anita was fucking me hard now, riding up the entire length of my
penis then driving back down, taking every inch deep inside her,
grinding her pelvis against mine then riding up again. Anita was
throwing her head back and forth saying "Yes, ooh yes, oh God yes!" as
she thrashed on top of my big dick.  I could feel my cock bumping her
cervix and going to the very depths of her vagina. Her wetness was
continuously flowing, soaking our crotches as I felt
my cock grow even larger as I got ready to come. I reached up, grabbing
her
big tits and squeezing them in both my hands. Anita increased her pace,
riding my cock faster and faster with long strokes. She looked almost
delierious, her long hair flung about, her hands grabbing at my chest,
scratching, grabbing my legs pulling me to her as she rode my big dick,
frantically trying to get
every inch available. Her pussy was making squishing and fucking sounds
as my cock drove up into her wetness.
     I felt my cock throb once, getting ready to explode into her juicy
cunt.  I said "Oooh baby, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come in you!" Anita
said "Yes!, Yes!, come in my pussy, fuck my pussy till you come! Fill
my cunt with your
big prick! Fill my cunt with come!" She was in ecstacy, wantonly riding
my stiff cock, on the verge of orgasm. Her pussy was opening up taking
all of me, taking so much I could feel her pussy lips on by balls. I
was getting close, very close. My precome was adding to the wetness
that was in her, flowing from her, drenching my cock and balls.
     I was straining to ram my cock as hard and far into her pussy as I
could and she was taking all of it and then some, grinding back,
swallowing my now giant cock with her cunt. We were fucking fast and
furious now driving toward orgasm, losing track of time or setting.
     I could feel my orgasm building, and fucked Anita even harder
trying to bring it on. Anita was crying "Fuck me!, Yes!, Oh God Yes!,
Fuck me deep!,
Fuck me hard!, Hard!, Harder!, Fuuuckk meee!, Fuuuckk mmmee! I'm going
to
come! I'm going to come!"
     I was going to come and at the same time I could feel Anita's cunt
closing, pulsing, gripping the base of my shaft. I yelled "Oooh here I
come!  I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna come!" I felt my cock swell to
immense proportions then just explode, pumping a gusher of come into
Anita's pussy. My cock was throbbing and pulsating gigantically,
pumping and pumping loads of come into her wanting cunt. Anita was
yelling, "Oh Yes! Ooooh Yes! I'm Coming! I'm Coming! I'M COMING!!!",
and she rode my spurting cock for all it was worth, grinding herself
down on it, taking the entire eight thick inches into her, squirming on
it, riding up again only to thrust back down onto my pole. I
could feel her cunt pulsating as my cock continued to throb and pump
come into her. I watched as she stroked her pussy up my dick, come
dripping from her pussy, making my cock slick, soaking our pubic hair.
Then she would come back down, taking every inch, squirming to get
more.
     As we slowed, Anita was softly moaning, I was getting my breating
under control. We stopped with her sitting on top of me with my cock
still buried inside her. I said, "Wow, I didn't know there could be sex
like this!" Anita said "I didn't know there would be cocks like this!",
as she started to make her pussy massage my cock again. I just laid
back and said "Oooh boy, that was fantastic!"
     Anita said "Your not finished yet are you?" I was incredulous, we
had
been sucking, fucking and eating for almost an hour. Anita stood up
slowly letting my cock slip from her pussy. She watched with a gleam in
her eye as my cock slid out. "There's one hole you havn't stroked that
magnificent cock of yours into." My cock had been approaching half mast
and decreasing but now it was jumping to attention. I knew what she
meant but asked, "What do you mean?" anyway. She said "I want you to
fuck me in the ass!" I couldn't wait, my cock was now fully erect
again. I didn't know I was capapble of this.
     Anita bent over the desk with her head resting on her folded arms
and her beautiful ass sticking in the air waiting to be fucked. "Be
gentle with me"
she said, "I've never had one in there." I said, "I'm a virgin at this
too,
but I'll be easy."
     I moved up behind her rubbing my cock against her butttocks and
running
it across her ass hole. I thought "My cock will never fit in there." I
rubbed by cock across Anita's still sopping pussy then pushed it in to
get
some lubrication. She groaned with pleasure. Then I bent over and began
to
lick her ass hole. I licked it up and down and then tried to wiggle my
tongue in there. Anita moaned and sqirmed saying "Oh God!" I felt her
sphincter
loosen and begin to open as I darted my tongue around and into her
hole. When
I had it plenty wet, I stood, my cock was enormous and felt hard as a
telephone pole. I put the head of my penis against her pussy and slowly
pushed it all the way in then slowly withdrew it, now slick with her
wetness.
     Anita was shaking with anticipation as I put my cock head up
against her ass hole, guiding it with my hands. I rubbed it a little
then Anita pushed
back and the head of my cock dissapeared into her ass. Anita took a
sharp intake of breath then sighed. I asked "How is it?" Anita said
"Big!" I held
her by the hips as I slowly pushed my eight inches into Anita's tight
little ass hole. Anita groaned and pushed back against me as I entered
her. When I
was all the way in I stopped.
     She said "Oh God, it feels so fucking big! Ooh its so fucking big,
its so good, I never thought it would be like this!"
     Her ass hole was tight and hot. I could feel the tightness of her
sphincter around the base of my shaft. God it was so tight. I started
to
gently stroke my cock in and out and could feel her hole relax,
accepting my big penis into her nether region.
     Anita was groaning, saying "Yes, Yes, I want that big fucking
cock, Fuck my ass hole with your big cock!"
     I started to move more, the lubrication was good and Anita started
to
move with me. I didn't know how much I could take. The smell was like
an aphrodesiac and just watching my cock pump in and out of Anita's ass
was getting me excited.
     I was taking long steady strokes in and out of Anita's ass hole.
Anita
was pushing back to meet me every time I would push it in. She was
making sounds now, "Oh, oh, oh, oooh", every time I would fuck my big
dick into her.
     This was fantastic, her ass hole was tight, I had never fucked
anything like this. My cock was getting harder, bigger, getting ready
to come. I kept
on stroking my cock into her as her cries became louder, more
insistent. My precome was draining from my cock, giving more
lubrication, I was pulling my cock half way out then ramming it back in
as Anita would push back to meet me, taking all of me into her cherry
ass hole.
     Anita was constantly moaning now, holding onto the desk to brace
against my thrusts, moving in concert with me, fucking me with her ass
hole.
     I was getting ready to come, taking long fast strokes into Anita's
ass, burying my cock to the hilt then pulling back then burying myself
again. She was bouncing back agaist me, fucking back hard saying "Yes!
oh God Yes!. I
held her by the hips as I rammed my cock into her. I could feel my come
building as her tight ass hole pulled and stroked my cock. I felt my
big dick begin to throb and pulsate as I started to fill Anita's ass
with my come.  Anita let out a sob as she felt my cock explode inside
her and began to come and come. I was coming and fucking my cock into
Anita's ass hole and could
feel it as she came. Her sphincter gripped my cock and I could feel her
pussy pulsating from inside her ass. Anita was yelling "Yes! I'm
coming! Oooh yess!  Dont' stop! I'm coming!" I continued to pistion my
dick into her. Come was dripping out of her ass hole and running down
her crack as I fucked her. Anita was still coming, I could feel her
insides vibrate and her spincter gripping
my cock as I continued to ram it into her. Anita was yelling and crying
out "Ooooh I'm coming! Ooooh Yess, Yesss Yessss! Ohhh..Ahhh...Yesss!" I
was
ramming my dick deep into Anita's ass hole as she came and came and
lost control and was wetting herself as she came and I fucked her up
the ass. I could feel the wetness running down my legs as she pissed
and suddenly I was coming again, my cock exploding, shooting wads of
come into Anita'a ass hole.  I kept ramming my big cock into her now
slick and dripping ass hole and kept
on coming like there would be no end. My cock throbbed and pulsed as I
rammed it into her and and she bucked against me. Finally after a
several minutes we began to subside and I slowly slowed and finally
stopped stroking it into her.
     We stood like that momentarily, breathing hard, reflecting on what
we had just experienced, her, bent over the desk with her head turned
to one side, hair splayed out, me behind her leaning on her back with
my cock still sunk deep into her ass hole. We were both covered with
sweat and the smell of sex filled the air.
     Then I withdrew my cock from her ass hole and we both lay down on
the carpet, exhausted.
     After a while we cleaned ourselves up as best we could and got
dressed.  Then we straightened up the office, picking up things we had
knocked over and collecting papers togather. When we thought we were
composed and got ready to leave Anita kissied me on the mouth giving me
some tongue then said, "I have
to have more of that big cock of yours!" I said "It would be my
pleasure", and opened the door to let Anita out. As I escorted Anita
back to her workstation we were met by many knowing stares and smiles.
     When I returned to my office, there was Samantha from across the
hall, whom I'd lusted after for months, sitting on my chair, legs
splayed wide,
skirt hiked up, panties off and her fingers working on her pussy. She
said "I heard what I've been missing..."


                                        THE END
RANT

                                                                              