      underage characters and heavy bondage. If this
      will offend the reader, then stop reading NOW!
      This is purely a work of fiction and in now way
      do I advocate the scenes in this story in any
      real sense. This story is only fantasy, and my
      first attempt at writing, more installments
      are on the way. Please post any comments to
      alt.sex.stories.d.


     Thanx for reading.






     Carl Campbell sipped his drink while he watched his
daughters splash around in the pool. Across the table from him
sat his wife of 15 years. Sarah had just turned thirty-five
but could easily pass for her early twenties. She was dressed
in a slim bikini that hugged her athletic curves in all the
right places. Her apparel was hardly appropriate for a woman
in the Middle East, in fact it was illegal. But with the right
friends and financial clout, private enclosures within the
estates of powerful individuals could be used, and in this
land, the rules don't apply to the men in control of the black
gold known as oil. Carl's job was to acquire items for these
men that, although well within their vast budgets, were
difficult to obtain due to the western world's disapproving
attention. The most common of these things was high tech
weapons, although difficult to obtain these things fetched a
highly profitable price from his clients. He also dabbled in
another area of supply with only his most preferred clients,
this trade item fetched a huge cash return for very little
investment. Carl was an exclusive underground white slave
trader. His clientele was very select, only a handful of
wealthy men who derived a great deal of pleasure from owning a
beautiful young American woman. In this part of the world, it
was an unwritten rule that a man owned women, they were called
his wives. The thrill for these men was lost because a woman
born into this culture accepted it as a way of life, unlike an
educated American woman, who's beliefs and morals would
totally reject the concept of ownership by a man. Carl
provided certain powerful men with women that he smuggled from
the U.S., most specifically ordered in advance. When he
received an order he would research for months to find a
likely candidate, usually a woman with little or no family,
young, blonde, brunette, or whatever the client was looking
for. He usually shipped two to three women per year, mostly
teenagers through their early twenties. The oldest he ever
sold was thirty-three, his client had met her at a party on
one of his trips to the U.S. he was quite taken with her, but
she rather forcefully rejected his advances, embarrassing him
in front of some of his associates. Carl didn't normally do
orders for an individual, he preferred to snare anonymous
victims, but his client was very determined, and this
translated into a hefty fee for Carl. So he did the job, the
last time he saw her she was hanging by her hands from a chain
in a small dark room in the bowels of his clients palace, her
clothes hanging in shreds around her now naked body. Behind
her a soldier was swinging a long leather whip back and forth.
His client relaxed in a large chair in front of her as the
whip connected with her back and the screaming started. Carl
heard the screams fade as he worked his way up and out of the
palace. The youngest woman he ever sold was a girl of about
twelve, a homeless runaway he had picked up from a bus
station. Once she was cleaned up and prepared she was very
pretty, this one almost caused him some difficulty, as his own
youngest was almost the same age. But his client was specific
about the age and Carl fell back on his rule that this was
business and the girl was merchandise and, unlike his own
daughters whom he loved dearly, she meant nothing to him but
a profit  margin.

     Carl turned from his wife to watch his daughters again.
Sarah knew nothing of his real work, of course. She believed
him to be in the export business, which was true to a certain
extent. He normally didn't bring his family on business
excursions, but the offer by his client of the use of the
palace facilities was too tempting to pass up. He suspected
that the free working vacation for him and his family was a
softening-up ploy in order to get a better deal for the next
arms shipment, necessary to counteract new weapons acquired by
his clients' main enemy. Carl was aware of this because, in
fact, he had been the supplier of those new enemy weapons.
Playing both sides off one another was risky but Carl was very
careful that no connection could be made between him and his
other client.

     He admired his daughters as they took turns diving into
the pool. Stephanie was almost sixteen and turning into a
gorgeous young woman. Carl often caught himself admiring her
well developed body, she had her mothers' chestnut brown hair
but wore it long, she also had her mothers' blue eyes. his
other daughter, Beth, had just turned eleven and took after
Carls' side of the family, with big green eyes and long red
hair. He could see the beginnings of budding breasts
underneath  her pink one piece bathing suit. He often found
himself thinking sexual thoughts when watching his daughters
but in spite of his amoral stance toward the women and girls
he sold into slavery, his wife and daughters were his greatest
joy and he hoped to retire comfortably soon and enjoy his
family with no worries for the rest of his life.

     His reverie was interrupted by a servant delivering a
message, the Prince, his client, was ready for their meeting.

     "I'll be back later hon, these things usually run on", he
said as he rose. "Say goodnight to the girls for me."

     He kissed his wife and walked into the palace.

     Carl was led to an audience chamber laden with silk
tapestries and large, colourful cushions placed behind low
tables. This was the Prince's idea of a conference room. Most
of the Prince's business meetings ran long and late, usually
finishing with some perverse entertainment involving one or
more of the Prince's pleasure slaves, some of whom Carl had
sold to the Prince. Prince Ashir entered with robes flowing
and, after the usual ceremony, proceeded with the meeting. The
meeting went as usual, the Prince was very long-winded and
given to impromptu speeches whenever the mood took him. Carl
noted that Ashir was in rare form, rambling on at several
points about trust and loyalty between business partners. Carl
was getting worried that maybe the Prince had learned about
certain other business deals, but things winded up late in the
evening and a deal was struck. The Prince clapped his hands
and servants cleared the papers from the tables. More servants
swept into the room with large, covered boards. A board was
placed in front of each man at the table. Carl looked at the
object set in front of him, the board was about three feet
wide by four feet long and was draped with a large cloth made
of silk. Whatever was under the cloth was fairly big, Carl
assumed from the smell that it was dinner, but he wasn't sure
he was hungry enough for whatever filled up such a large
plate.

     "In honour of our esteemed colleague, Mr. Campbell, I
have arranged a delicacy as uncommon as it is exciting. As in
so many fine recipes, how the food is arranged is as important
as how the food is prepared." And with that, servants pulled
away all of the silk cloths, unveiling the meals to all
present.

     Carl was surprised, but he should have expected something
like this, knowing the tastes of his host. On the board was a
naked young woman, strapped down to handles that ran along the
edges. The woman was on her back, on top of her hands which
were secured behind her back. Her knees were folded so that
her feet were pushed against her ass and a strap circled her
calve and thigh on each leg, keeping them folded. Her feet
were tied tightly with the souls facing each other.Two straps
were looped through her knees and pulled them to each side of
the board, leaving her pubic mound fully splayed open. This
was augmented by some kind of block under her ass which raised
her loins up from the board. a thin leather strap crossed her
waist with two more above and below her breasts. All of the
straps were extremely tight, her thigh muscles could be seen
straining against the cords which stretched her knees apart.
Carl could imagine how uncomfortable she was but he couldn't
see it, her face was hidden by a leather hood which covered
her entire head, ending at a wide leather collar around her
neck. The girl was completely hairless, although she may have
had hair under the hood. But her pubic hair had been shaved
off, which made her look younger than she must have been. This
girl was the 'plate' on which the food was placed. Around her
crotch was a salad, with lettuce, fruit and dressing laid out
in a circle, her pussy being at the centre. Her pussy was
mostly covered by a large, white flower. On her stomach sat a
large lobster, sitting in a bed of steaming vegetables. The
lobster was facing the girls breasts and it's pincers still
had the restraint bands that keep them closed while it's still
alive. These bands must have been put on after cooking though,
because each pincer was firmly locked onto one of the girl's
breasts, just at the base of the nipple. Carl was thankful
that these meetings and meals were exclusively for men, so his
wife never had to see a scene like this. Most of the 'meals'
were made with local women but the Prince and Carl had white
'plates' with their meals. Carl recognized the young runaway
he had sold lying on the Princes plate. She was the only one
without a concealing hood, although she was wearing a red ball
gag in her mouth.

     "Enjoy!" the Prince said as started yanking at the
lobster on the young girl in front of him. Every time the
lobster was pulled at, the pincers would pulled the girls
small breasts this way or that, causing a muffled squeal from
behind the gag.

     Carl could see no way of eating without hurting the girl
so he shrugged and reached for the lobster. He poked at a
piece of steamed potato with his fork and lifted it of the
girl's flat stomach, her skin underneath was red from the hot
vegetables and sauce that had been placed on her. He dipped
the potato in a pool of sauce gathered at her belly button and
stuffed it into his mouth. He wondered where the Prince had
acquired this second white girl, maybe he had some competition
in this market. A servant came up to him and handed him a
small spoon with a long handle. The servant then pulled the
flower away from the girls pussy. Underneath was a large metal
clamp holding the girl's pussy lips closed. This was removed
and two smaller clamps were attached to each lip, Carl heard a
suppressed squeal come from under the hood at this. These
clamps were equipped with long strings which were ran through
handles at the sides of the board and tightened. the girl's
pussy was now stretched open. The servant pressed down at
certain places on the girl's abdomen and caviar oozed out of
the girl's pussy. Carl shook his head in amazement, they had
stuffed her pussy with caviar! He reached over with his spoon
and scooped the delicacy out of her pussy.

     When most of the guests were done eating, the servants
returned to clear the table. They didn't remove the plates,
sponges and small bowls of water were used to clean the
leftover food off the girl's bodies. Carl then saw what desert
consisted of, as the other guests lifted their robes and
mounted their respective 'plates' pumping vigorously into the
bound girls. Carl was feeling quite excited himself at the
moment, after looking at a beautiful naked girl spread out in
front of him for the past hour. But he hesitated, he did not
normally indulge in things like this when he travelled with
his wife, only when he was away on his own did he like to play
around when the opportunity presented itself. The Prince
approached from the other end of the table, Ashir did not
engage in such entertainments in front of his guests.

     "Please, feel free to enjoy my humble gift." the Prince
said with an odd smile. "I recently acquired her and she has
not yet been used by a man."

     Inwardly, Carl shrugged, it was decided for him when the
Prince mentioned the word 'gift'. The tradition of this land
stated that refusal of a gift was an insult to the giver. Carl
did not want to offend one of his biggest customers. He stood
up and placed his right hand on her left breast and started
kneading it while his left hand went down to cup her pussy. He
could see her attempts to move her hips within the tight
straps as he pushed his middle finger into her. He fondled her
for a while longer but she remained dry, not surprising
considering the situation, Carl thought.

     "Let me get you some assistance", the Prince said his
large, throne-like chair where he was watching the
proceedings. He motioned to a servant who walked over and
released the girl that was his plate. This was the young
girl Carl had smuggled to the Prince from America. She let
herself down from the table and rubbed her limbs to restore
circulation while the servant removed the ball gag. "She has
responded well to my training, although it was difficult at
first." The Prince smiled as the girl walked over to Carl's
place at the table.

     The girl did not look at Carl, she merely climbed onto
the table and, when on her knees in front of the bound girl,
lowered her head and started licking the helpless girl's
pussy. Carl remembered the young girl he had captured quite
well, she was about thirteen years old now with long blonde
hair and a petit body that was forming nicely. When he
captured her she fought him with all the strength she had, but
he kept her handcuffed naked in a closet for a week and she
calmed down a bit. He did nothing to her but fondling because
the Prince had stipulated that she must be a virgin. He had
heard she resumed her energetic resistance when the Prince
took possession of her but she soon learned the Prince's
talent for using creative methods of causing pain and
humiliation to train the young women that he purchased for his
pleasure. The bound girl was moaning softly when the young
girl stopped her stimulation and moved to kneel in front of
Carl. She opened his pants and pulled out his cock and started
sucking on it. Carl moaned as the girl worked on him,
obviously the Prince had taken care to make her an expert at
performing this service. She stopped after some time and
stepped back. Carl climbed onto the table and lowered himself
between the spread knees of the girl on the table. She started
breathing in short, sharp gasps as he slowly pushed his cock
into the tight entrance of her pussy. He didn't get far when
he reached her intact hymen. Carl paused for a second and then
shoved his cock into her all the way. A high squeal came from
inside the hood as the girl felt her virginity ripped away.
Carl pumped himself slowly in her wet pussy until he came. The
girl had stopped moving a just lay still, breathing heavily.
He pulled out of her, his cock was covered with her blood
mixed with his semen. As he climbed down from the table,
strong hands grabbed him from behind, it was two of the
Prince's big bodyguards. Carl shouted at them to no effect, it
had slipped his mind at the moment that the guards did not
speak any english. They dragged/carried him out of the room
and down a short hallway, then into a small room whose door
locked behind them.

     The room had only on piece of furniture, a large wooden
chair with a high back and straps on the arms and legs. In a
very short time Carl was secured in this chair, he hadn't even
been able to pull his pants up, his bloody cock was flopping
around in his lap. Before he could say anything more, one of
the guards shoved a large piece of cloth into his mouth and
secured it with a strap running around his head. The guards
then left the room and returned pushing a large cabinet on
wheels, they where followed by the Prince who ignored Carl's
questioning eyes. The men opened the cabinet in front of Carl,
inside was a large screen TV with stereo speakers on each
side. They connect some wires and then left Carl with the
Prince.

     "A month ago my soldiers raided a warehouse belonging to
my chief competitor." He said, now looking at Carl for the
first time. "We found an interesting assortment of weapons, in
fact they are identical to the catalogue of merchandise that
you offer". He turned on the TV, it showed a view of the room
where the dinner had taken place. The girl he had fucked was
still there, tied to the board. Another woman was kneeling
over her, one hand mauling her breasts, the other sliding four
fingers in a out of her pussy. There was still blood on her
thighs from her lost virginity. The woman looked towards the
camera, she was oriental, dressed in some kind of leather
outfit made entirely of straps. She looked back at the girl
and reaching over, pulled the hood from her head. Brown hair
flowed down, now free from the hood. The woman grasped the
girl's extended jaw, there was a large rubber prod in her
mouth held there by straps, and turned her face towards the
camera. Carl tried to leap from the chair, almost knocking
himself over, the girl's eyes were shut, her face soaked with
sweat and tears, but it was Stephanie, Carl's sixteen year old
daughter.

     "It took a while, but my investigators were able to trace
those weapons to you." The Prince shook his head as Carl tried
to scream something at him. "I do not need to hear any false
explanations, I have seen sufficient proof that you have been
dealing with my competitors. You have broken the trust I gave
you as a business partner and now I will claim my rights to
retribution." he gestured towards the TV, the oriental woman
had removed the prod gag from Stephanie and was again pushing
her four fingers into the teenager's pussy. With every thrust
she pushed deeper and Stephanie moaned louder. "You will pay
through the pain and humiliation of your women. They have been
told why they are being made to suffer and your daughter knew
it was you who raped her. The scene was also witnessed by your
wife through this camera. You will remain in this room for
some time. You will not be harmed here, but you will be shown
recordings of some things that have already been done to your
wife and daughters and when that is complete, you will see
live scenes of things that are going to be done to them." He
smiled from the doorway on his way out. "I do not bear ill
will towards you or your family, but payment must be extracted
for the betrayal of my trust, Good evening." He left the room,
closing the door behind him. On the TV, Stephanie screamed as
the woman forced her whole hand into her, made a fist, and
twisted her arm back and forth.

     Carl felt worse than he ever had in his life. He doubted
the Prince would let any of them live. Why hadn't he
suspected? He pulled uselessly at the straps as the door
opened and a guard walked in. He carried a case full of video
cassettes. He placed them on top of the cabinet and pulled the
first one out. It had a label 'Sarah eating dinner' Carl read
as the guard held it front of him. The cassette was placed in
the machine under the TV and started. Before the guard left he
turned the volume up as high as it would go.
with under-age females. It is purely fantasy and in
      no way do I support this kind of action in reality.




                       Tape #1 - Sarah Eating Dinner

     Sarah was strapped into what looked like a dentists
chair, dressed in the clothes she had set out to wear to
dinner that night. She was shaking her head wildly and making
unintelligible noises, she was wearing one of the prod gags. A
guard walked into view and locked into place padded metal
braces on either side of Sarah's head. He turned adjusting
knobs until the braces held her head tightly so that no motion
was possible. He released the prod gag and pulled it halfway
out, tilting it towards her nose. This forced her lower jaw
down even further than it was with the gag fully inserted. He
held the prod in place with one hand while the other retrieved
a piece of hard white plastic from the tray beside the chair.
The plastic device was a small  rectangle with grooves on each
end. He pushed it into one side of her mouth and worked it
into place on her rear teeth. Her back molars wedged into the
grooves in the plastic tightly. He repeated the process with
another plastic rectangle on the other side of her mouth. When
he was done he pulled the prod out of Sarah's mouth. Sarah's
mouth still gapped open as far as it had with the gag in
place, the plastic spacers forced her jaws to remain painfully
wide. A woman now entered the scene, carrying a covered tray.
The woman was tall, with shoulder length black hair that she
wore up. She was wearing a white lab coat which hung down to
mid-thigh with white stockings and white heels. She placed the
tray next to the chair.

     "My name is Sylvia, I supervise the punishments that the
Prince orders for his female slaves." She said as she checked
the straps holding Sarah to the chair. "The Prince has ordered
you and your daughters to endure punishments until such time
as he decides to stop them. Why you are being punished is of
no relevance to me, my responsibility is to see that the
Princes wishes are carried out and to ensure that you and your
daughters are not permanently injured, the Prince dislikes
devaluing his property. I am a fully qualified nurse and I
will try to keep you and your girls as comfortable as possible
within the bounds of my duty to the Prince. I can even make it
pleasant for you at times if you like." with this, she ran a
hand up along Sarah's calf to her inner thigh, just under her
white skirt, and squeezed.

     Sarah jerked in the chair and groaned in anger, she was
not capable of forming any words with her mouth distended as
it was.

     "Well, no matter, when you are not being punished you are
mine to use as I wish, your daughters too" As Sarah let out
another moan, Sylvia pulled a pair of rubber medical gloves
out of her pocket and pulled them on. "I believe you were
about to attend a dinner party when we interrupted you, well
we won't let you go hungry."

     She removed the cover from the tray, under it was a large
metal bowl, the contents of which immediately assailed Sarah's
nostrils.

     "You have your youngest to thank for your dinner tonight,
she was very reluctant to expel it but we helped her along."
Picking up a large spoon Sylvia scooped the lumpy brown
substance up and dumped it into Sarah's mouth, holding her
tongue down with her other hand. Sarah gagged at the noxious
stuff that was running down her throat and immediately started
retching. Spoonful by spoonful Sarah was fed her daughters
excrement. When it was all down, Sylvia pushed a button and
the chair started tilting back on an electric motor. The motor
stopped when her head was two feet from the floor.

     "Ahmed, give her something to wash it down with" Sylvia
as she removed her gloves.

     The guard stood above Sarah's head and took his cock out.
Sarah cried out again but was silence as the stream of urine
hit her mouth and filled it up. She had no choice but to
swallow to keep breathing. When he was done she sobbed quietly
until shocked awake by a bucket of cold water which was dumped
on her head. Sylvia knelt beside her and used a sponge to
clean her face and mouth.

     "That went well, now we'll do something nice for desert"
Out of her pocket she pulled a small metal device. It was
basically a small stainless steel clamp with two small posts
on either side. Reaching into Sarah's mouth, Sylvia grasped
her tongue and pulled it out. With her other hand she closed
the clamp around Sarah's tongue as close to the back as
possible. Using a small screwdriver she tightened the clamp
until it was firmly holding the base of Sarah's tongue. Sylvia
released her grip, and Sarah reflexively tried to pull her
tongue into her mouth. The small posts on the clamp bumped
against the plastic spacers at the back of Sarah's mouth and
would go no further. Sarah's tongue was held at almost full
extension out of her mouth.

     "You have probably never been made to pleasure a woman
before, so this first time I'll do all the work." Sylvia
opened her lab coat, beneath she wore nothing but the white
stockings and a matching garter. Her full breasts swayed as
she stood facing Sarah's feet with her legs on either side of
Sarah's head. Sylvia touched the chair control and Sarah's
head started lifting up towards Sylvia's crotch. Sarah's eyes
closed tightly as her extended tongue made first contact with
the lips of Sylvia's pussy. When the motor stopped, Sarah's
tongue was lodged in Sylvia's pussy hole, her chin was
smothered in pubic hair, and her nose was wedged between
Sylvia's ass cheeks. Sylvia was already wet as she started
rocking back and forth, she could feel the forced out tongue
rubbing her pussy wherever she wanted. She excited herself on
Sarah's face for some time, occasionally sliding forward so
that Sarah's tongue excited her anus as well. She climaxed
violently, holding on to Sarah's breasts with tightened fists.
When she was finished, she closed her lab coat and returned
the chair to it's upright position.

     "That was nice" she said as she sponged off Sarah's face,
which was covered with her juices. "Next time you will not be
locked in the clamp, and you will learn to do it well, as will
your daughters."



                     TAPE #2 - Beth in the bathroom

     The woman named Sylvia was leading Beth down a long
hallway. Beth was dressed in her school uniform, a pleated
skirt with a white blouse, knee socks and black shoes. Her
long red hair was pulled back in a pony tail.

     "You should use the washroom first, because you won't be
able to during the official dinner ceremony", Sylvia said with
a smile. She led Beth down a side hallway. Unlocking the door,
she led Beth into a small bedroom. The room was lit with low
lighting, a small four post bed was on one side and a small
leather couch sat on the other side. In front of the couch was
a long, low bench covered in leather. On the bench sat a young
girl not much older than Beth, this was the young slave that
the prince had acquired from Beth's father. She was dressed
much the same as Beth, with a short skirt and blouse, but her
feet were bare.

     "This is Rosalyn, she is staying here for a while to
learn about the Prince and his way of life", Sylvia said,
smiling at the girl. "You notice she does not speak unless
specifically asked to, this is a custom of the Prince's
people. Young girls must remain silent until asked to speak.
Would you like to learn about the customs of the Prince and
his family Beth?"

     "I guess so." Beth said hesitatingly as she looked around
the room. The walls were covered with tapestries depicting all
kinds of flowers in many colours.

     "That is very good, we'll start now. The washroom is
through that door." She led beth through a door into a large
bathroom. The bathroom was all done in black porcelain. The
walls were mirrored on all sides. There was no sink, only a
large bathtub and an odd looking bidet as well as a low bench
much like the one in the living room. At various places
throughout the room and on the fixtures were solid silver
rings. Beth, of course, did not grasp the import of these
things, but her father, watching the whole scene on some kind
of hidden video system had seen this bathroom before. The
Prince had it custom built for his new young slave, Rosalyn.
Using the rings, a girl could be secured in any number of
positions and be forced to perform normal bathroom functions
as well as some not so normal functions. Beth looked at the
bidet strangely,  she had never seen one before.

     "It's called a bidet, you have to remove your panties and
squat over it", Sylvia said as she sat on the bench, watching
Beth expectantly.

     "It looks weird, but I'll try it. I shouldn't be long",
she stood next to the device, waiting for Sylvia to leave.

     "Now, you have to remember the Prince's customs, you do
not speak unless asked to, it would be considered impolite if
you spoke around adults. You might as well start now. There
are punishments here for girls who break the rules", Sylvia
said. "And you don't have to worry about relieving yourself in
front of me, in front of other women or the Prince you should
not be ashamed of your body."

     "I'd rather try this alone, please" Beth wasn't sure she
wanted to experience to much of this Prince's culture if she
couldn't speak and had to use the bathroom in front of other
people.

     "Now Beth, you really must make an effort to be silent.
Your father is aware of what we are doing and has voiced no
problems about it." Sylvia was starting to look more serious
now and had lost some of the cheerfulness she had exhibited
before. "Perhaps a demonstration would ease your hesitations,
Rosalyn, show Beth how to properly relieve herself." She
motioned to the girl who had followed them into the bathroom,
shutting the door behind her. The girl walked over to the
bidet and straddled it, one bare foot on either side. The
device was wider than normal and this caused the girl's legs
to be parted more than usual. She reached down and lifted the
short skirt up so that it was bunched at her waist. Her crotch
was hairless, her small slit completely exposed. At this point
Beth had seen enough and ran for the door, but found it
locked. Sylvia grabbed Beth by the arm in a strong, painful
grip and pulled her over to the other girl, pushing her down
to her knees. Beth found herself looking straight at Rosalyn's
pussy, it lips slightly parted because of her spread legs.
Beth tried to yell for help but found her mouth stuffed with a
piece of cloth Sylvia had retrieved from a pocket. Sylvia took
a silk handkerchief from another pocket and placed it over the
cloth in Beth's mouth, tying it tightly behind her head.

     "Now you will learn how to what you are told and be
silent." Sylvia said darkly. She then nodded to Rosalyn.
Rosalyn concentrated for a second and a stream of urine
emerged from between her legs, splashing into the water below.
Beth tried to look away but a firm hand in her hair yanked her
head back and she was forced to watch the remaining urine flow
from the girl. When Rosalyn was finished, Sylvia nodded to her
again, "and the other." Rosalyn squatted a bit lower and after
straining, she was rewarded with a large plop in the bowl
below. Beth was close to tears now as Sylvia pushed her face
even closer to Rosalyn's crotch as the girl cleaned herself
with some tissue. When Rosalyn was finished, Sylvia pushed her
over to the bench. "Take off her shoes and socks" Sylvia said
as she held Beth down on the bench, her legs dangling off the
end. "If you struggle you will be hurt, so be still" Sylvia
spoke in a scary tone of voice, much different from her
friendly words earlier today. Beth stopped struggling, scared
stiff of being hurt by these people. Rosalyn removed her
shoes, and then stripped off her socks, leaving her feet bare.
"Get some ankle and wrist cuffs" Sylvia ordered. Rosalyn
retrieved four leather and steel cuffs from a cabinet on the
wall. The cuffs were made of thick leather with steel buckles
and rings with clips, but they were sized carefully for a
small girl's wrists and ankles. Indeed, they had seen much use
holding back the struggles of Rosalyn quite often while under
the attentions of the Prince. She locked a cuff tightly on
each of Beth's slim ankles  and then placed the wrist cuffs on
reluctant wrists forced out by Sylvia. Sylvia then stood Beth
up, openly sobbing now. "Take your panties off Beth." Beth
just stood there, not believing what was happening. Sylvia
looked meaningfully at Rosalyn. Rosalyn walked over to the
cabinet and came back with a long black switch. "Either you
take them off or I will and then you will feel this switch
across your bare bottom." Sylvia snapped. This frightened Beth
into motion, she would do whatever Sylvia asked or be hurt.
She reached down, the unaccustomed weight of the cuffs on her
wrists, and pulled her panties down and stepped out of them.
They were white, with pink flowers printed on them. "Very
pretty," Sylvia picked up the underwear,"now stand over the
bidet." Beth did as instructed, having to spread her legs
uncomfortably to do so. She wiped tears from her cheeks.
"Don't worry about that, I like young girl's tears" She
reached down and, using the clips on Beth's ankle cuffs,
fastened her ankles to two rings on either side of the bidet.
She then locked beth's wrists behind her back. Beth's belt was
removed and then her wool, wrap-around skirt was taken off.
Beth now wore only her white blouse, which hung down below her
waist. Sylvia smiled a Beth's panicky expression as she undid
the front buttons of the blouse, then pulling it down her
shoulders a bit so that the her front was wide open. Sylvia
sat on the bench and admired Beth's nearly naked body, her
pubic area was just starting to grow fine red hairs around a
delicate slit. Beth's newly forming breasts were still small
bumps inside a dainty training bra.

     "You may begin now." Sylvia said as she took the switch
from Rosalyn. Beth just whimpered, moving her hands around
against the unaccustomed restraints. Sylvia reached out with
the end of the switch and tapped it lightly on Beth's pussy
lips. Beth jumped slightly, squealing through the gag. "My
patience is wearing thin Beth." More tears flowed as Beth
released her bladder and her urine streamed into the bidet.
She soon finished, still sobbing into the gag. "Now the other
thing, just like Rosalyn" Sylvia ordered. Beth's eyes opened
wide at this but she immediately tried to comply but her
bowels were not going to cooperate in this situation. "Well
Rosalyn, She is trying, but I think she'll need some help."
Sylvia walked over to Beth and pushed her forward and down to
her knees. Because her ankles were still attached to the sides
of the wide bidet, she ended up kneeling directly in front of
it, her bottom pressed against its edge. The bench was then
moved up to her until it bumped against her stomach. Sylvia
went behind her and, grabbing her pony tail with one hand, she
shoved the other between Beth's legs, roughly grasping her
crotch. Screaming into the gag, Beth was lifted up as Rosalyn
pushed the bench forward into Beth's waist. Sylvia lowered
Beth's torso onto the bench and secured it there with a tight
strap over her waist. Beth was now lying half on the bench
with her bottom suspended over the bidet, legs spread by her
secured ankles on either side of the bidet. Sylvia opened a
cabinet on the wall, inside were the various toys that were
available for the Prince to use or have used on Rosalyn.
Included was a full enema kit with a long hose, clamp, nozzles
and several clear bags full of liquid. The nozzles were
arranged by size and numbered.

     "Rosalyn, you're about the same size as Beth, what size
feels most comfortable for you?" Sylvia asked sweetly.

     "I can use a number 2 without any pain, mistress."
Rosalyn spoke for the first time in a small voice. There were
six nozzles in the set.

     "What does the Prince use on you?" Sylvia said as she
examined the devices. Each nozzle started with a small spout
and was about three inches long, flaring towards a grove at
the base. The smallest barely widened at all along it's
length, the largest flared to 1 1/2 inches before the groove
at it's base.

     "He uses number 5 unless he is punishing me, then he uses
the 6." Rosalyn said.

     "Well, we'll go easier on Beth as this is her first time,
a 4 will do nicely." She removed the nozzle, which was still
almost an inch wide. Removing the rest of the kit, Sylvia
attached the hose to a new bag and hung it from a hook in the
ceiling, letting the hose hang down, near its end was a clamp.
Sylvia watched the liquid flow down the hose until it was
stopped by the clamp.
     "Hold her open for me." Sylvia ordered. Rosalyn threw a
leg over the bench and sat on the small of Beth's back, facing
her bottom. Placing a hand on each of Beth's bottom cheeks,
she pulled them wide. Beth groaned loudly but Sylvia was no
longer concerned with the sounds that Beth produced. Pouring
some oil from a small jar onto the nozzle, she crouched down
behind Beth. Sylvia placed the tip of the nozzle on Beth's
small dimple of an anus and started working it into her. Beth
was screaming into the gag now, at the same time trying to
wrench herself away from the intrusion into her bottom.. But
with Rosalyn's weight on her and her ankles locked in place
she could do nothing as the widening nozzle was forced into
her. Sylvia continued pushing and twisting the nozzle against
the resistance of Beth's sphincter muscle. Sylvia smiled as
she watched the young girl's muscles give up and the nozzle
sunk all the way in, Beth's now tightly stretched anus locking
into the groove at the base of the nozzle. Sylvia took the
free end of the hose and attached it to the base of the
nozzle. When she released the clamp, liquid flowed down and
into Beth's rectum.

     "We'll just give her a quart, to loosen her bowels up a
bit." Sylvia walked around to watch Beth's face as the liquid
continued to flow from the bag. "I being easy on you now Beth,
but if you fail to do everything I or the Prince asks from now
on, I will use the largest nozzle and put enough liquid into
you to make your belly swell like a pregnant woman. Your voice
will fail because of your constant screaming at the pain. Do
you understand?" Through her whimpers, Beth nodded her head.
"That's good, because we can do nice things to you as well."
Sylvia walked back to the bag, which was almost empty, and
squeezed the rest of the liquid down the tube. The nozzle was
removed and Beth was released and made to squat over a pail
and release her bowels. Her attitude was totally submissive
now and she did everything asked of her with a blank face.

     Beth's restraints were removed and put away by Rosalyn,
she was then led into the small bedroom.

     "Lie down on the bed please Beth." Sylvia said as she
followed the girls into the room.

     Not saying a word, Beth sat on the bed and then stretched
out, her hands nervously clasped on her tummy. Sylvia sat down
beside her near the head of the bed, Rosalyn sat on the other
side near Beth's bare feet.

     "Now we'll do something nice for Beth, Rosalyn." Sylvia
said, smiling at Beth. "Show Beth how you have learned to make
another girl feel good below her waist.."

     Rosalyn reached over and started running her hands up
Beth's slim legs. Beth stiffened and once Rosalyn's hands
started pushing her skirt up her thighs she reached down in
panic, squealing into her gag.

     "Now, now, none of that." Sylvia said as she pulled
Beth's wrists above her head, fastening them to silk cords
attached to the bed frame for just such a purpose.

     Rosalyn pushed Beth's skirt up to her waist, revealing
bare, slim hips and naked pubic area sparsely covered with
fine red hairs. Rosalyn started running a finger along Beth's
closed slit. Beth jumped at the touch to her private parts,
trying to roll away, but Sylvia held her down with a hand on
her stomach. Her other hand, Sylvia undid the buttons to
Beth's blouse. The blouse fell open to reveal a dainty white
training bra. Meanwhile Rosalyn continued to rub her fingers
along the front of Beth's pussy between tightly closed legs.
Sylvia slid a hand underneath a white, frilly bra cup. Her
hand cupped the small, barely formed breast, the bud of a
nipple held between her thumb and forefinger.

     "Now, you will keep still and do what I tell you." Sylvia
said, as she looked into Beth's eyes and played with the
girl's nipple. "Or I will do things like this.."

     Beth's small torso arched up off the bed as Sylvia
squeezed a small nipple with her strong fingers. She fell
back, breathing heavily when Sylvia eased up on the pressure
without releasing the nipple from her grip.

     "Pull your knees up and open your legs" Sylvia said,
punctuating the phrase with another quick squeeze on Beth's
nipple.

     Beth, tears streaming down her face, slowly brought her
knees up and moved her legs apart. Rosalyn promptly placed
herself between them, her face inches away from Beth's now
fully exposed pussy. Placing a finger on each pussy lip,
Rosalyn drew Beth's pussy open and proceeded to run her tongue
along the inner folds of flesh that were now exposed. Beth
squealed and turned her head to the side, but did not move,
fearful of the tight grip still on her tender nipple.

     "There, isn't that much nicer?" Sylvia smiled as she
moved the bra cups aside, exposing Beth's small, budding
breasts. Sylvia bent over and took the nipple that she had
hurt into her mouth.

     They continued like this for some time, Rosalyn eating
Beth's pussy while Sylvia sucked on her nipples. Beth's head
was turned all the way to one side and she was whimpering now
and then as her physical reactions to the stimulation she was
under started to take over. Suddenly she stiffened, breathing
short, fast breaths into the gag as she climaxed.

     "Very good Rosalyn" Sylvia said as she rose form the bed.
"The Prince won't be using her until tomorrow, she's yours for
the night." Sylvia moved for the door. "Keep her tied and
gagged, make her come at least twice more before the morning.
Good night, girls." there was a click as the door was locked
behind her.



     Carl closed his eyes. He could not believe what he had
just seen. He wanted so much to scream for them to stop but he
knew it was useless, the action had already taken place and he
was only watching a recording. Who knew what they had been
doing to his precious Beth since?

     After a while one of the guards entered the room. The
video cassette was removed from the machine. The guard did not
have a new cassette this time, instead, he switched the
channel on the monitor. The room now in view looked somewhat
like an operating room in a hospital. In the centre of the
room, underneath bright operating lights, was a flat metal
table mounted on some kind of large pivoting base. The table
glinted like highly polished chrome, reflecting the glare of
the lights like a mirror. This device was clearly intended for
use with the human body, for instead of the usual rectangle it
was shaped like the outline of a person. Numerous seams and
joints could be seen on the surface, denoting sections that
could be moved when necessary. The table was also equipped
with numerous black straps to hold the occupant in place.

     "This is His Excellency's interrogation room." The guard
said without looking at Carl. "It was here that your treachery
was discovered from one of our enemy's soldiers. He did not
survive." The man stopped at the door on his way out. "Pray
that your wife fares better."
with under-age females. It is purely fantasy and in
      no way do I support this kind of action in reality.



     On the screen two guards appeared. Between them was
Carl's wife, Sarah. They had stripped her clothes off, and she
walked between the guards with short steps, glancing fearfully
around the room. Her feet and hands were in prison shackles
joined with chains which held her hands down at her waist. She
looked unharmed but someone had shaved her pubic hair
completely off, leaving her pussy completely exposed. In
Sarah's mouth was a black plastic ring held in place with
straps. The ring had grooves on top and bottom for her teeth
and when locked in place, held her mouth open. Part of the
bottom of the ring extended in to her mouth over her tongue,
holding it down like a permanent tongue depressor. The effect
of this was to prevent Sarah from speaking but still allow her
to make all the other sounds that the Prince liked to hear
from a woman in pain.

     Sarah started to struggle as she was lifted onto the
table, but the guards easily held her in place and strapped
her down, removing the prison shackles. When the guards were
finished, Sarah's body was firmly secured to the sections of
the table. Her legs were strapped at ankle and thigh, a large
strap at her hips just below her belly button, two straps
above and below her breasts, straps on her wrists and arms, a
thick collar on her neck, and a strap across her forehead. The
guards left when they were finished.

     Sarah was on the table, breathing in short fearful gulps,
for about ten minutes when a man entered the room. The man was
oriental, bald, and dressed in a doctors lab coat. He did not
say a word to Sarah for the entire session. He performed his
tasks in an emotionless, almost robotic way.

     The man started off by working some controls on a wall
panel. There was some humming from underneath the table as
hydraulic pumps were activated. The metal table separated into
components, it's leg sections moving apart until Sarah's legs
were widely separated. The arm sections swivelled away from
her sides and stopped only when her arms were angled back
behind her head. Sarah was now in a spread-eagle position. The
man push another control and the leg and arm parts of the
table slowly pushed away from the main part of the table.
Sarah cried out as her body was stretched to it's limit. When
the table stopped moving, Sarah's body was stretched tight,
her tendons could be seen straining at the tension from the
modern rack.

     The small oriental man opened a drawer and removed a tray
of small metal objects. He placed the tray in a bracket at the
side of the table and took one of the objects out. It was a
metal clamp with a large round wheel attached to a screw for
tightening. He placed the clamp on Sarah's thumb in such a way
that it compressed her thumbnail when he tightened it. He only
tightened it enough to hold it in place, then he put three
more clamps on her other thumb and her two big toes. Two more
clamps were retrieved and he grasped one her Sarah's breasts.
Pulling the nipple up, he placed the clamp firmly on the base
of the bud of flesh. He repeated the process with the other
breast. He pulled one more clamp out, smaller than the others.
Walking between her widely spread legs, he pulled at the folds
of flesh around Sarah's clitoris, causing it to pop out into
the open. The small clamp was tightened around her small, pink
clit as she squealed at the sensation.

     All of the clamps were now attached with just enough
tension to hold them in place, although even this was
sufficient to cause discomfort to Sarah's tender nipples and
clit. The man started tightening one of the thumb clamps. The
large wheel and fine threading on the screws caused the clamp
to close slowly on Sarah's thumb. Suddenly her moans of
discomfort turned into a scream of pain as the clamp
compressed her thumbnail with impossible force. When the man
was finished, the tip of Sarah's thumb was a deep red colour.
Her cries continued as he tightened the other thumb clamp to
the same degree. She tried in vain to twist her foot away when
he approached, but it was grasped an her screams rose a level
as the clamp compressed her toe between its jaws. The other
toe was finished next, and now Sarah whimpered piteously as he
approached her side an grasped her left breast in one hand
while the other turned the wheel. Another scream peeled out as
the clamp crushed her nipple until it was almost flat between
the steel jaws. Sarah's voice was starting to go when her
second nipple was crushed by the clamp. He was now between her
legs, fondling the last clamp that was secured to her
clitoris. When he tightened the clamp and Sarah's clit was
squeezed between steel, she let out one last scream before she
fainted.

     Carl had long since ceased to struggle against the chair
that he was fastened to. He just watched the monitor with
helplessness as his family was tortured and abused for the
sole purpose of revenge at his less than honest business
practices. His only hope was that once the Prince was done
extracting payment for Carl's treachery, Sarah and her
daughters would actually be released. Carl had no illusions
about his own fate however, he was a dead man.

     The screen on the monitor switched to a new room, an
opulent office with an elegant, hand carved oak desk in front
of a large window. At the desk sat the Prince, he set some
papers down as the large double doors opened. Stephanie,
Carl's sixteen year old daughter, walked in. Her expression
was one of pain and confusion, resulting from her experiences
at dinner* (*see arms-01). She was dressed in her own regular
clothing, a grey wool skirt, white blouse and a blue jacket.
On her feet were low heel shoes and she was wearing no
stockings. Following Stephanie was Sylvia, in the traditional
clothing of an arab woman, including the almost opaque veil.

     "She is ready, my lord." Sylvia said, passing a small
black remote control to the Prince.

     "We are about to have visitors from your embassy." The
Prince said as he toyed with the remote control.. "You will
behave normally and act as if nothing odd is happening. If you
are asked about the rest of your family, you will say that
they are off sight-seeing." The Prince smiled for the first
time. "You are aware of your preparation for this interview,
now a small demonstration of the consequences that will result
from disobedience."

     With that, the Prince reached for the remote control box.
The box consisted of a dial and four red buttons. He adjusted
the dial to setting 5, the highest was 10. The Prince pressed
a finger to the first button. Stephanie immediately let out a
yelp, her hands flying to her chest. The button was released
after only a second. Stephanie was still holding her chest,
almost hyperventilating, with tears running down her face.
Sylvia approached and pushed the teenager into a chair, wiping
her face off with a cloth from inside her robes.

     "Now we can receive our guests I think" The prince said
as he pressed another button, this one on his desk.

     The representatives from the embassy entered, were
introduced to Stephanie and Sylvia and a short meeting took
place. Throughout the meeting, the Prince toyed with the
remote control. The dial was set on 1 or 2 at times, and he
pressed the bottom three buttons randomly. Stephanie
maintained a normal expression, appearing to be attentive to
the meeting. But her thighs moved back and forth under her
skirt, occasionally clenching tight together. When the meeting
concluded, the men exchanged pleasantries and left.

     The Prince sat behind his desk and nodded to Sylvia.

     Sylvia led Stephanie to the front of the Prince's desk.
She then walked over to the wall and flipped what looked like
a light switch. A panel opened in the ceiling and, with the
whir of an electric motor, a chain lowered through the
opening. At the end of the chain were a pair of leather cuffs
and these stopped lowering when they reached the frightened
teenager's face. Sylvia walked over and fastened the cuffs
tightly to Stephanie's wrists. Next she pulled the jacket off
the girl's shoulders and removed the harness, placing the
battery/control unit and receiver on the desk. Under the
jacket Stephanie wore a harness similar to a pistol harness
used by plain-clothes police. The difference was that instead
of a pistol holster, there was a rectangular battery pack held
under the girl's left arm, and a small receiver under her
right arm. A thin wire ran from the receiver across her back
to the battery controller, from there four thicker wires ran
down to her waist, disappearing under the waistband of her
skirt. Sylvia removed the jacket and set it aside. She then
pulled the teenager's skirt down and off, leaving her in just
her white blouse which hung down to her upper thighs. Sylvia
now produced another pair of leather cuffs from a wall cabinet
and, after removing the girl's shoes fastened them on her slim
ankles. Grabbing the girl's left ankle, Sylvia clipped the
ring in the cuff to an eyebolt mounted at the bottom corner of
the desk. She repeated this with the other ankle. Stephanie's
legs were now spread wide to each side of the desk, the edge
of which was just below her pelvic area. She faced the Prince
and started sobbing as the motor above started pulling her
hands up again, taking up the slack from her fastened legs
until she was stretched tight. Sylvia reached around for
behind the girl and ripped open her blouse, revealing to the
Prince what had been done to Stephanie earlier.

     Under the blouse Stephanie wore no other clothing. A
wide, tight rubber belt was fastened around her waist. A
rubber strap connected to this in the front ran down between
her legs and was fastened at the back of the belt, drawn up
tightly into her crotch. Three of the wires ran into this, the
fourth ran up to the girl's pert breasts. The fourth wire
split in two, one extension going two each of Stephanie's
nipples. The wires were stripped of insulation at the ends and
then twisted tightly around each nipple.

     "You did well during that meeting." the Prince smiled.
"Of course at the low setting, the devices inside your holes
provide more pleasure than pain. Although I've been told that
the metal contact on a woman's clitoris causes pain at all
settings." He pressed the fourth button.

      Stephanie's hips jerked. "Pease stop." she squealed.

     He released the button."I noticed the younger man, Mr.
Stevens, glancing at you several times during the meeting."
The Prince noted. "Not exactly with fondness either, have you
met him before?"

     "No, that's the first time I've ever seen him." Stephanie
replied.

     "I'm not sure I believe you." The Prince turned the dial
to 7 and pressed each button for a second. Stephanie's body
clenched tight and vibrated as current flowed through her
breasts, into the prod in her cunt, into the other prod in her
anus, and through the metal contact on her clitoris. She
screamed constantly, then fell limp when the last jolt faded.
"Tell me where you met him and why he dislikes you so."

     Stephanie spoke in gasps, "At a dance in the embassy, he
danced with me, hung around me all evening. When he got me
alone later on he tried to kiss me, he was very rough."

     "What was your response?" The Prince asked.

     "I slapped him, and told my father. He was reprimanded
and he may get demoted" Tears were flowing freely down the
poor girl's face.

     "That's better." The Prince thought for a minute.
"Sylvia, invite young Mr. Jones to a special party tonight. I
think young Stephanie would like a chance to make amends to
the gentleman."

     The Prince got up and walked behind Stephanie. Sylvia
activated the motor and lowered the girl's hands until they
were at her waist, the excess chain on the desk. Sylvia sat
down in the Prince's chair and pulled on the chain, forcing
Stephanie the bend over across the desk. Behind Stephanie, the
Prince lifted up the back of the shirt. Placing one hand on
her ass cheek, he used the other to unfasten the rubber crotch
strap from the back of the belt. When the strap was pulled out
from between her legs, the anal prod with it's wire could be
seen embedded in her anus. Below that, the cunt prod poked out
of the girl's vagina. The Prince opened his robe, revealing a
large, erect cock. He grasped the anal prod and pulled, it
came out of the girl with a pop. He then pulled her ass cheeks
apart and placed his erect cock against her small anal dimple.
Stephanie started to panic now, but Sylvia held the chain
tight, keeping the teenager stretched across the desk. She
screamed when he thrust his large cock into her ass to the
hilt in one motion. She continued crying out on each
successive thrust. As he was about to come, Sylvia picked the
remote box and pressed the buttons, sending current into her
breasts, clit and cunt at the same time. The Prince came
violently as he felt the girls body jump up, the muscles in
her ass clenched him like a vice and pushed him over the edge.

     "Get her ready for the party tonight." the Prince said.
"Be sure she dresses exactly the same as she did at that
embassy dance, her clothes should all be in her luggage." He
pulled out of the limp girl, wiped himself with her shirt and
left the room.
Hello! here is part 4, sorry it took so long.

                Mathew H.

WARNING:This is a graphic story of rape, sex and torture with
underage victims

        Carl woke with a start as the door opened and
Sylvia walked in. Behind her came Stephanie, naked,
being pulled along be a collar and leash. Stephanie
was gagged with a ring gag, a hard plastic ring wedged
in her front teeth with straps around the back of her
head. The gag held her mouth wide open, her tongue
could be seen fluttering around in the open space.
Stephanie had been put in a harness made of black
leather straps. The straps went around her waist,
crossed her breasts and over her shoulders, meeting
at the back of her waist. Where the straps went over a
breast, there was a three inch diameter iron ring. The
girls breasts were forced completely through the rings.
This caused her breasts to bulge out through the
painfully tight rings around the bases. A thin, hardened
leather strap with spaced knots ran between her legs,
threading her bare pussy lips. The straps had been
tightened to the extreme, causing visible indentations in
Stephanie's creamy, white skin. Her hands were in
leather cuffs that linked together and connected to the
back of the harness at her waist.

        Carl looked into his daughter's eyes, what he
saw there wasn't pleasant. A lot of pain and humiliation
from her experiences with the Prince, but also a new
found hatred for her father who had raped her. Carl was
still gagged, so he could not say anything, but he didn't
know what he would say anyway.

        "Well Stephanie, let's say hello to daddy."
Sylvia smiled as she moved the girl until she was
standing in front of her seated father. "You can start by
sitting on his lap, facing him." Sylvia said with a smile.




        Tears were starting roll down Stephanie's face
as she opened her legs and placed her naked bottom
on her father's thighs, her legs on either side of the
chair. Carl's pants were still open and his cock jumped
when her bare mound brushed against it. Stephanie
looked down briefly, only to see his cock, coated with
her dried blood from when he raped her.
        "Move your hips girl, rub yourself on his cock."
Sylvia ordered. Stephanie moaned through the open
ring gag in protest. "You will obey, or you'll have
another session with those electrical toys, I'll make you
want to jump out of your skin this time." Sylvia warned.

        Stephanie looked to the side as she started
moving her hips. Carl felt his daughter's bare cunt
rubbing up and down his cock. In spite of himself, his
cock leapt to attention at the stimulation.

        "Show him how nice your breasts look in the
rings, rub them against his face." Sylvia said.

        Stephanie stood up, still over his lap. Her
ringed breasts came up to the level of his face. She
started caressing his face with her portruding breasts.
This caused more pain from the constricting rings.

        "Enough, get off him." Sylvia ordered. She
walked over to a cabinet and returned with a thin
bamboo cane. Putting a hand on Stephanie's shoulder,
she pushed the girl down to her knees. Placing the
cane down behind the frightened teenager, Sylvia
reached over to Carl and unfastened the seatbelt-like
strap holding his waist to the chair. Grabbing a handful
of long brown hair, Sylvia pushed Stephanie's head
down into her father's lap. Stephanie squealed in
protest as the ring gag settled onto her father's cock.
His erect member slipped through the ring and into her
mouth. Sylvia shoved the girl's head down,
reconnecting the lap belt over the back of her head.
Stephanie was gagging and trying to pull her head up
as Sylvia yanked the strap tight, pressing her face even
farther down on the erect cock. Carl squirmed in the
chair, never had he felt so utterly at odds with himself.
His cock was lodged firmly into a struggling girl's throat
and it felt great, at the same time he was horrified that
the girl was his sixteen year old daughter.

        "There, now that's what I call father-daughter
communication." Sylvia said as she picked up the
cane. "In fact, I think little Stephanie is going to get
across how she feels in a very unique way." Sylvia sent
the cane whistling across Stephanie's bent over ass.

        A muffled scream came out of the poor girl as
a deep red line appeared on the upper part of her
bottom cheeks. Carl jumped too as his cock vibrated in
her throat as muscles clenched with her scream.

        "I do hope daddy's in a sexy mood, because
I'm not stopping until he comes." Sylvia laughed as she
landed another stroke, just below the first.

        Another scream from Stephanie and another
moan from her father as the girl's pain was transformed
into friction on his excited cock. Stephanie's feet were
kicking the floor as she tried to avoid the blows, but they
came relentlessly. At the fifteenth stroke Carl was
starting to approach an orgasm. Sylvia delivered five
fast, sharp slices that drove the screaming teenager
crazy. Carl came furiously, sending wads of semen
down his daughter's throat. Stephanie choked and
gagged but could not move away. The girl's bottom
was criss-crossed with red lines left by the cane, at one
point were two lines intersected a drop of blood could
be seen.

        "I must say, you two have a great relationship!"
Sylvia said as she unfastened Stephanie and lifted her
to her feet by the hair. "If you'll excuse us, Steph has to
get ready for a hot date." She pushed Stephanie out the
door without looking back.

        Later that evening, Stephanie stood in front of a
tall mirror. Evidence of the past day had been washed
away, although under the clothes she wore there were
still the welts from the cane on her bottom. Sylvia had
the girl dressed to kill, in an off the strapless black
evening dress that showed off her creamy shoulders.
The tops of her breasts were revealed in a plunging
neckline that just stopped short of her nipples. The
dress had a tight waist and the hem stopped a just a
touch higher than mid-thigh. Under the dress she wore
black, shear panties with shear stockings and a black
garter belt. On her feet were 3 inch black heels. Sylvia
had done her hair to perfection as well.

        "Well, no wonder this Stevens guy was taken
with you." Sylvia said slyly. "That's a very hot look for a
young girl like yourself."

        "Please don't make me do this." Stephanie
pleaded finally. Although with what had happened so
far, she no longer believed that there was any thing that
was to harsh for her to do.

        "Now what did we say about talking?" Sylvia
said. "I don't want to mess up the beautiful job I've done
because you forget the rules and need to be
punished." Now Sylvia smiled. "But just in case there is
still some doubt as to whether you can do what I've told
you to do.." She walked over to a curtain and drew it
back. Behind the curtain was a window into a dark room
lit by only a fireplace. Sarah was in the room, naked
and tied over a wooden trestle. A bald oriental man
was anally raping the bent over woman his large cock.
Sylvia pushed a button on the intercom device
mounted beside the window. Instantly, Sarah's cries
could be heard in time with each forward thrust of the
large intruder in her small anal passage. A video
camera was set nearby, no doubt recording the scene
live for Carl's viewing pleasure.

        "I hate to interrupt your fun, Master Li." Sylvia
said. "But could you give us a small sample of your
talent for persuasion?"

        The man said nothing, but pulled out of Sarah
and walked to the fireplace. Taking a pair of iron tongs,
he lifted a small burning ember out of the flames. He
approached Sarah's exposed ass, with the glowing
material held before him in the tongs.

        "No, please don't!" Stephanie cried, placing
her hands on the window pane.

        The man did not acknowledge her. Using one
hand, he pried open the crack of her ass. He quickly
placed the burning ember in her ass crack, just above
her anus. He then dropped the tongs and used both
hands to close her ass cheeks. Sarah let out a long,
piercing scream. Her legs could be seen pulling
franticly at their bindings as she struggled to dislodge
the fire burning into her tender flesh. Master Li held the
ember in place for a minute, then released her as
cheeks, causing the ember to fall to the floor. The skin
in her ass crack where the ember had been was a
deep red, with blisters starting to form. He placed his
cock back at her small anus and thrust into her again.

        "I'm sure you understand your position now."
Sylvia said, to the now crying teenager, as she closed
the curtain. "You will meet with Mr. Stevens tonight. You
will not speak a word unless told to. You will do
everything and anything that he asks or Master Li will
get a chance to play with young Beth."

        Dale Stevens walked into the Prince's ornate
office for the second time. He had no idea why the
Prince required another meeting, the hand delivered
message had contained no details. He also wondered
if that little stuck-up bitch would be around again. He still
entertained dark thoughts about her. After all, he
thought, she had practically hung all over him that night,
teasing him until he was bursting with lust, only to play
the shy virgin when he responded in kind.

        The Prince looked up from the papers on his
desk. "Thank you for attending on such short notice."
He said, as Dale sat down.

        "I'm honored, as always, but I was not aware
that there were any more official details to be ironed out
since our last meeting." Dale asked as he sat in a plush
chair.

        "Indeed, that is so." The Prince said with a
smile. "I had intended to discuss business of a more
personal nature with you today."

        "And what might that be?" Dale ventured
warily.

        "I have recently discovered that certain....
competitors of mine have been receiving inside
information from your embassy. Also, that this
information comes from a bright young staffer who's
tastes exceed his meager civil service salary." The
Prince said smoothly.

        "Are you accusing me of ..." Dale replied
indignantly. Although he knew exactly what the Prince
was talking about.

        "Not at all. Just pointing out the possibilities if
this information were true." The Prince gestured
expansively. "For instance, it might be advantageous to
me if the information going to my competition were to
cross my desk first. It would allow me advance notice of
certain things, perhaps some of the material could be
slightly altered before reaching the opposition's eyes. I
would be appreciative to the individual in ways that my
competitor cannot."

        Now this was getting interesting, Dale thought.
But he still had to play this cool until he was sure that
this joker was on the level.

         "I still have no idea what you're talking about."
Dale replied, hoping that his deception was visible, but
not too visible.

        "Let me demonstrate." The Prince said
generously as he pressed a button on his desk. "My
competitors offer financial reward for services rendered
I'm sure, and I do the same. But I believe that I can offer,
shall we say a 'perk' that they can't match."

        The Prince became silent as Stephanie
walked into the room, followed by Sylvia. Dale's jaw
almost hit the floor. It was her! The little tramp was
dressed exactly as she had been that night. The same
sexy black dress, hair done the same way, hell, he
thought, even her perfume smelled the same. Sylvia
was in her working clothes, a white lab coat that ended
at mid thigh with white stockings and heels.

        "I believe you have already met Stephanie."
The Prince said." Say hello to my guest Stephanie."

        "Hello Mr. Stevens." Stephanie said in a quiet
voice.

        "Young Stephanie has agreed, for personal
reasons, to be owned by me for a period of time." The
Prince said as he came around the desk and stood
beside her. "Until an as yet undetermined future date,
this young lady belongs to me in body, if not in soul."
He placed a hand lightly on a bare shoulder. "And
possessions of mine I can of course bestow upon
others as 'gifts' for their loyalty and service."

        "Is some kind of game?" Dale asked irritably.
"If you have something to say, please say it. Otherwise
I'll take my leave now."

        "Very well Mr. Stevens." The Prince said.
"Your people lack the grace of polite conversation. But
I do can be abrasively direct when I desire. What I am
offering is, in addition to the usual financial
arrangements, the use of young Stephanie in exchange
for the informational items mentioned earlier."

        "You've got to be kidding!" Dale exclaimed,
although he noticed a deep blush coloring the pretty
teenager's face.

        "Stephanie, kneel in front of Mr. Stevens and
kiss his shoes until I tell you to stop." The Prince
ordered.
        Stephanie slowly kneeled before Dale's chair.
Dale watched her pretty head lower to his shoes. He
almost died when he felt her lips pressing against the
toe of his leather dress shoes.

        "As you can see, she will accommodate
anything you desire without complaint." The Prince
smiled. "Do we have an equitable deal?"

        "Yes." Carl breathed, still staring at
Stephanie's bare shoulders in the strapless, black
dress as she continued kissing his shoes.

        "Very well." The Prince said. "I other business
that requires my attention. Feel free to use the girl for the
rest of the evening, Sylvia will assist you."

        The Prince left the room. Dale was still
speechless, staring down at a formally stuck up young
tease, as she continued kissing his shoes. Dale's
imagination was running wild.

        He turned to Sylvia. "I can do anything I want
with her?"

        "Anything at all, she belongs to you
temporarily." Sylvia replied. "But you must not cause
any permanent damage to her. Our master frowns upon
de-valuing property that he lends out."

        "Why isn't she saying anything about this?" He
asked.

        "She has certain instructions to follow." Sylvia
said. "She is not to speak unless told to by you."

        "She will do anything I ask without force?"

        "Yes, however you may also use her with force
if you like." Sylvia said with a sly grin. She could almost
see the drool coming out of this guy's mouth.

        "Stephanie, take my shoes and socks off."
Dale ventured. The girl stopped kissing his shoes and
took them off his feet, pulling his socks off as well.

        "Now you may lick and suck my toes for a
while." Dale said as he smiled down at her. There was
the briefest hesitation before he felt warm, soft lips
engulf one of his big toes. He ran a hand along her
exposed shoulders, thinking how much fun he was
going to have with his pretty new slave. When he tired
of the soft lips and tongue playing with his toes, he lifted
her up by the hair so that she was kneeling upright in
front of him.

        "May I point out that you look particularly
stunning tonight Steph." He said looking her in the eye
for the first time since she slapped him at the embassy.

         "Put your hands behind your head and keep
them there." He ordered. Reaching for her, he placed
one hand on the side of her face and gently cupped her
soft breast through the dress with the other.

        "You weren't very impressed the last time I did
this, eh?" He said as his hand started rolling her breast
around. "I do recall getting a nice stiff nipple reaction
before you so rudely interrupted me. Of course, there
will be no interruption this time." He pulled down the
dress cup that was barely covering her breast,
revealing a perfectly shaped breast with a very erect
nipple. He quickly pulled down the other cup, leaving
both bare before his hungry gaze.

        "Wet your fingers and play with your nipples for
me." He said as he pulled his cock out of his pants. She
hesitated for a second until she felt a hand grasping her
hair, pulling her head back. Sylvia looked down at her,
there was no mistaking the message in her eyes.
Stephanie licked her fingers and started caressing her
own nipples. Her face blushed as she watched the
excited eyes of this hated man watching her stimulate
her own body.

        "Turn around and bend over." Dale ordered.
Stephanie turned around on her knees and lowered
herself to her hands. Then she felt a hand between her
shoulder blades shove her head to the floor, leaving
her bottom stuck up in the air before Dale's hungry
eyes.

        "What have you people been doing with her?"
He asked, running his hands up the outside of her
thighs, lifting the hem of the dress up to her waist. This
revealed black garters and a skimpy pair of black lace
panties. The panties covered very little of Stephanie's
bottom cheeks, and criss-crossing red lines decorated
the pale skin.

        "She was caned recently, as you can tell."
Sylvia said as she knelt with her knees on either side of
the teenager's head. "All of her holes have been
broken in, she was a virgin when she came to us."

        Dale pulled the small panties down to the girl's
thighs. With her bottom stuck up in the air the way it was,
Dale could immediately see the pretty, bare cunt and
above that, the small dimple of her anus. He cupped
the moist lips of her pussy with one hand while tickling
her anal entrance with the thumb of his other hand.

        "Too bad, I would have liked to have done that
myself. But this little bitch turned into an ice queen just
as we got rolling." He punctuated 'bitch' by shoving his
thumbs into both of her dry holes, producing a short cry
and some squirming of the pretty, young girl. A sharp
slap for Sylvia on the girl's hip stifled the cry and
stopped the movement. Dale moved his thumb back
and forth in her anal passage, watching with fascination
as the tight little ring of flesh clung to the intruding digit.

        He stood up, opening his pants and pulling out
a very erect cock. "Roll her over, I want to see her face
when she gets fucked."

        Sylvia grabbed Stephanie and flipped her
onto her back. She grasped the youth's stocking-
covered ankles and pulled them back and apart,
leaving her bare privates lifted and spread for the
grinning man. He stared at the frightened girl's eyes as
he knelt before her and placed his erect cock at the
entrance to her pussy. She let out a short gasp as he
shoved the length of his cock into her tight pussy. She
turned her head away, but he grabbed her chin and
roughly forced her face towards his as he began
pumping into her with slow thrusts. Seeing that the
man's body would hold the girl in place, Sylvia
released the ankles she was holding. Standing up, she
opened her lab coat and let it slip to the floor.
Underneath she wore nothing but white garters to hold
up the stockings.

        "Wow, do I get to play with you to?" Dale said
with wide eyes as he continued fucking the beautiful,
young teenager.

        "No." Sylvia said with a hint of disgust. "I'm
here to help you enjoy the Prince's gift. Towards that
end I will do anything you wish."

        Dale thought for a moment. "I hate to have all
the fun by myself, why don't you sit on the little slut's
face and let her eat you?"

        Sylvia smiled as she moved forward unit her
heeled feet were on either side of the girl's head.
Stephanie stared up into the woman's hairy cunt as it
was gently lowered towards her face. She tried to shift
away, but Dale kept her pinned with his thrusting body
and his hand on her chin held her face straight up.
Sylvia sighed as she settled down on the teenager's
face. She shifted herself so that the wet lips of her cunt
pushed down on the girl's closed lips.

        "Open your mouth please." Sylvia said, as she
moved herself back and forth on the girl's face. "I want
to feel your tongue inside me, I'm sure you don't want to
be punished in front of your new friend."

        Stephanie, face now soaked with the
excretions of the hot cunt that was almost smothering
her, opened her mouth and extended her tongue into
Sylvia's cunt. Immediately she had to swallow the flood
of juices that started pouring into her mouth.

        On seeing this, Dale started pumping faster
and quickly shot a load of semen into the young girl. He
pulled out and sat back, still watching Sylvia grind her
hips over Stephanie's face.

        "What else can I do to her?" Dale asked as
Sylvia closed her eyes in a silent orgasm.

        "I think you might want to deal with the issue of
her slapping you in public." Sylvia said as she lifted
herself off the girl. Stephanie's face was wet with
Sylvia's fluids as well as her own tears.

        "Yeah, that would teach the little bitch as
lesson, what can I do?" Dale was practically salivating
at the thought of punishing this girl with her 'holier than
thou' attitude.

        "There is another room in the palace that is
well suited to this kind of thing, follow me." Sylvia
instructed as she pulled Stephanie up by the hair and
pushed her out of the room. Dale quickly pulled up his
pants and followed.

        Stephanie was on her knees in the new room,
naked save for a set of heavy leather straps. In addition
to the usual ankle and wrist cuffs, she now had thick
straps on each thigh and a large belt digging into her
midsection. Sylvia was busy arranging several chains
connected to pulleys on the walls to either side of the
girl. The room was fairly small, with various rings and
pulleys connected to many places on the walls. The
only other item in the room was a large cabinet, which
was being inspected by an excited Dale.

        "How would you like her arranged for
punishment?" Sylvia asked.

        "What is the best position?" He responded as
he picked up an item from inside the cabinet. "And what
is this thing?" He lifted up a large transparent plastic
tube with a plunger on one end and what looked like a
large nozzle on the other.

        "That would depend on what method of
punishment you wish to use." Sylvia smiled. "That
instrument is a type of enema, you can fill it up with
various liquids and insert the nozzle into a girl's ass.
Then you can use the plunger to force the liquid into her
bowels. You can do it more than once to increase the
volume of liquid she has to hold. She will start to have
severe cramps and the pain is excruciating." Sylvia
smiled. "It is a favorite of the Prince, especially with
young, small girls."

        "Have you done this to her yet?" He asked.

        "No, although her little sister received a mild
enema earlier." Sylvia said. "Would you like to try? It is
very exciting when the severe cramps start, along with
the screams."

        He walked in front of Stephanie and held the
large nozzle up to her face. "Yes, I think that will do
nicely" Dale smile into the terrified teenager's tear
streaked face.

        Sylvia pushed the girl's shoulder down so that
she was on her hands and knees. The chains came
next, two chains connected her wrist cuffs to pulleys at
floor level on each opposing wall. The same was done
to her ankle cuffs and thigh straps. Two large chains
from the ceiling connected to either side of the waist
strap. Sylvia then tightened the chains. Stephanie's
ankles were held apart, the chains held her thighs
open, and the waist chains kept her bottom from
dropping when her knees were pulled apart.
Stephanie's weight was partially supported by her
knees and partially by the waist chains. Finally the wrist
chains pulled her arms as far as possible along the
floor to either side. Without the support of her arms, her
upper torso to fell to the floor. Dale walked behind the
teenager. The effect was incredible, the girl's bottom
was up in the air, thighs held apart, her chest and head
bent down to the floor.

        Sylvia retrieved a plastic basin from the
cabinet and started filling it with hot water from a faucet
in the wall. As it was filling she added some soap
solution from a small bottle, causing the water to bubble
slightly. When the basing was full, she placed it
beneath Stephanie's spread thighs and motioned for
Dale to begin.

        Dale placed the large nozzle into the hot water
and pulled the plunger back. The hot, bubbly liquid was
drawn up into the transparent cylinder. He then carefully
placed the tip against the girl's small anal opening. He
smiled as he forced the device into Stephanie, her
small opening stretched wide to accommodate the
large nozzle. This extracted a long moan from
Stephanie, who had been mostly silent until now. When
the device was fully inserted, Dale reached back to the
fully extended plunger and began pressing it home.
Stephanie immediately started shaking her body within
the limits of the chains, crying out as vicious hot liquid
was forced into her bowels. When the device was
empty Dale withdrew it from the crying teenager's ass.
Immediately, Sylvia reached down and forced a large,
rubber plug into the distended opening.

        "We don't want the little darling letting go early
do we?" She said. "It usually helps if you make her
jump around a little after taking one of those, it kind of
loosens her up inside" Sylvia said as she held the plug
in place. "You can use that whip in the cupboard on her
back for now."

        Dale found the whip, it was a series of long,
knotted leather attached to a handle. He walked to the
whimpering girl and let the leather strands run across
the side of her face.

        "You know," He said, smiling sarcastically
down at Stephanie's tear-streaked face. "You're not
such a bad date after all!" He punctuated the sentence
with the whip, sending a hard blow into her back.
Instantly, red lines appeared where the leather cords
cut into her pale skin. Dale delivered several strokes
across the girl's back, getting a sharp cry from her with
every impact.

        "Time for her second helping" Sylvia said as
she pulled the plug out from Stephanie's ass.

        Dale quickly re-filled the plastic cylinder and
plunged another dose of hot water into Stephanie.
When it was done, Sylvia re-inserted the plug into the
now constantly moaning girl. This time Dale picked out
a kind of metal cane. The device consisted of a rubber
handle attached to a thin, flexible metal rod. The rod
was three feet long and about as thick as a car
antenna.

        "That is usually best on the backs of her legs."
Sylvia advised.

        Dale rested the rod on the back of a slim
calve, the raised it up and brought it down with a quick
stroke. Stephanie let out an astonished scream, a thin
red line appeared on the back of her leg. He gave her
four more slices on her calves before he had an idea of
his own. He stepped back and sent a whistling slice
into the sole of her left foot. Stephanie screamed her
most agonized cry yet and leaped against the chains.
He sent another cut into her right foot and she jumped
around for a few minutes before collapsing.

        "You've made her faint." Sylvia noted. "Get
ready to give her another dose of water while I wake
her up."

        Dale re-filled the cylinder for the third time and
shoved it into the girl's stretched anus. Sylvia held a
small vial under Stephanie's nose and the girl jerked
awake, eyes wide as the plunger started shoving more
water into her bowels. When the device was again
empty, Dale felt under the girl's belly. He was not
surprised to find a slight swelling due to the amount of
water he had injected into her.

        "This time I think you might enjoy plugging her
yourself." Sylvia smiled as she ran a hand through
Stephanie's hair.

        Dale got the message. He dropped his pants
and placed his painfully erect cock at the teenager's
nether entrance. Stephanie screamed in protest, but it
was lost in a gasp as he shoved his length into her
already overpressured bowels.

        Dale sighed as he started pumping into
Stephanie's bowels, some of the water starting to leak
out around him. This Prince sure knows how to live, he
thought to himself.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.





X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                                NIRVANAnet(tm)

 &TOTSE                510/935-5845   Walnut Creek, CA         Taipan Enigma
 Burn This Flag        408/363-9766       San Jose, CA                Zardoz
 realitycheck          415/648-9489  San Francisco, CA    Poindexter Fortran
 Phallicide            408/899-0235       Monterey, CA          Reclinerhead
 Governed Anarchy      510/226-6656        Fremont, CA             Eightball
 New Dork Sublime      805/823-1346      Tehachapi, CA               Biffnix
 The Ether Room        510/228-1146       Martinez, CA Tiny Little Super Guy
 Lies Unlimited        801/278-2699 Salt Lake City, UT            Mick Freen
 The Shrine            206/793-3465         Monroe, WA               Rif Raf
 Atomic Books          410/669-4179      Baltimore, MD               Baywolf
 Sea of Noise          203/886-1441        Norwich, CT             Mr. Noise
 The Floating Pancreas 305/424-0266 Ft. Lauderdale, FL     Majestic Cockster
 The Dojo              713/436-1795       Pearland, TX               Yojimbo
 Frayed Ends of Sanity 503/965-6747     Cloverdale, OR              Flatline

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X





