asiaa_2.sty
Amy, the Thai Tease
by Gerry Kanne
Part 2


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

"What the hell is this?" Bob thought, pulling the card away from the
staples.  She HAD known what was going on!  She'd seen him sweating and
flushed; probably she'd heard a moan escape when he was cumming.  The
sweet fox  had known all along and never said anything!  If only she had
made some sign, said something or even looked him square in the eye, then
he could have....  The simple thought of the juicy oriental coed
approving of his sexual act aroused him.  He felt like getting in the car
and going now.  But why give him this?  Was this her way of telling him
to go jerk off with someone else?  No, he remembered the twinkle in her
eye as she smiled when had left his office in the morning.  This must be
her way of inviting him to ... to what?  What was she planning?  How did
she know to bring the card with her today?  Why did she even have this
free pass?  Was she a strip joint fan?

Highly unlikely.  As he turned the card over few times to study it for
clues, he noticed that there was no day or time on the card, so she
wasn't trying to set up a date.  He went back to her homework and quickly
read the second page, then went back and scanned the paper again.  It was
simply the assigned topic, well done, and as much as he wished there was
something more, he found no "I want to fuck you, teacher," message.  He
brought the paper up to his face and inhaled deeply.  No scent but that
of wood pulp.

During the rest of the evening, Bob held the card and daydreamed about
Amy, twice turning back to stare her paper and the delicate curved script
on it.   No other papers got corrected, and while he was able to get to
sleep, it was between sticky sheets that were moistened twice that night.

Getting ready for class the next morning, Bob decided that it would be
best to ignore the card sitting in his wallet and not visit the
nightclub.  He was afraid of being seen and recognized in a place like
that.  Even though it wouldn't get him fired, after all what he did on
his own time was his business, he didn't want to be known as the sex-mad
professor.  Rumors had a way of spreading quickly through the faculty and
students, and he would lose the respect of many students who looked up to
him.  Besides, he didn't really want coeds flashing and propositioning
him to 'improve' their grades, in spite of his fantasies.  It was also
possible that Amy was trying to trap him in some way and then blackmail
him.  It would be best just not to go, and hope Amy wouldn't say anything
to anyone.  He would have to be extra careful in her presence to do
nothing suggestive and make sure he kept his eyes in head, no matter how
she dressed.

But while Bob was busy making virtuous decisions, the primal part of his
unconscious mind, a part that connected to the world only through
hormones, was already set on what he would do.  Early in the evening,
card in his wallet, Bob left his house and got in the car to drive across
town.  There was an empty feeling in his stomach and his palms were
sweating nervously.  "Why are you doing this?  What if SHE's there?  How
will you be able to face her in class?"  Suddenly, almost without
realizing how he got there, a bright sign announced "Girls!  All Live! 
All Nude!".

After parking his car in the lot outside, he looked around, got out and
quickly walked to the door.  Just inside the entrance, he was stopped by
a man sitting at a table.  "Ten dollar admission, two drink minimum,
sir."  Bob took out the card and gave it to the man.  He took it and
turned it over to see the note on the back.  "You're a friend of Amy's,
huh?  When you're that lucky, I don't see why you should get in free
too," as he stamped Bob's hand.  "You still have to pay for the drinks,
though.  Enjoy the show."

Bob entered the club, walking by a guy who seemed seven feet of solid
muscle, and found himself a seat in a dark back corner.  The lights were
low, so no one was likely to recognize him, assuming anyone was looking
anywhere besides the stage.  A slim, young blonde with small tits was at
the height of her act, lying on her side on floor of the stage doing leg
lifts.  Her pussy was fleeced with hair noticeably darker than the hair
on her head.  She was good looking, but not the dish Bob had come for. 
The doorman had known Amy, so Bob expected to see her on stage.  The idea
of seeing her up there had him excited, but he wasn't sure he wanted her
to know he was watching.

As the music started up again, another girl appeared on the stage backlit
by a spotlight.  She stood with her legs apart, light shining through,
her hair a misty frame around her head.  On the beat, she turned sideways
presenting a profile in silhouette.  She leaned forward a bit, thrusting
her chest forward and arching her back to present the classic lines of a
pin-up.  Lights came up revealing Amy in a skimpy costume.  She wore
black and strings of pearls.  Her lacy black bustier pushed her white
breasts up, making a shelf for the long strings of pearls that rolled
over them and flowed down between her breasts.  Below was a black garter
belt with matching stockings and 5-inch heels to show off her calves, the
seams of the stockings leading the eyes up to the firm curves of her ass. 
A tiny black lace g-string was partly hidden in the front by a loop of
pearls that circled her waist.  From this loop hung 5 strands of pearls
reaching to mid-thigh, forming a sort of bead-curtain loincloth that
flashed the scrap of translucent lace covering her crotch with every
gyration of her hips.

As Amy danced, she slowly peeled off her top and teased her nipples by
rolling the pearls back and forth over them.  As she showed off the
stiffening tips of her breasts to the crowd, she locked eyes briefly with
each person in the audience.  When her eyes reached Bob, she stopped and
ran her hands up from her inner thighs to the ends of her nipples, now
fully engorged on the up-turned tips of her quivering breasts.  Even
sitting near the back of the dimly lit room, Bob knew Amy had seen and
recognized him.  Blood rushed to his face, and if the light had been
better, it would have been plain to anyone that he was blushing as
furiously as any virgin.  However, blood also rushed to his cock which
pulsed in time to Amy's bumps and grinds.  When the black g-string
dropped to the stage floor, Amy bent over, legs spread, her shaved cunt
aimed right at her teacher.  She looked over her shoulder at Bob with a
sultry gaze, her hair covering half her face and ran her hands up the
back of her legs, following the stocking seam from her knees up to the
garter strap and then spreading her tight cheeks wide.  The smile and
wink of an eye that followed almost knocked Bob off his chair.  He
reached for his soft drink to wet his suddenly dry throat and found his
hand shaking so much he had to set the glass down on the table and lean
forward to drink.

Bob's desire for the petite Asian had him literally shaking.  He wanted
very much to get her alone, as she had been the day before in his office. 
Here he couldn't do anything, not even secretly jerking off.  He was sure
that would be an excellent way to get tossed out of the joint.  Besides,
he wanted to do much more than simply look, especially after the way she
was teasing him from the stage.

Amy began to move around the audience off stage, picking up tips while
doing a little bump and grind for each man.  In the dim light of Bob's
back corner, Amy strutted up and began to undulate her hips, teasing a
tip out of his wallet.  Bob grinned wide enough to cross the Mississippi,
but wasn't sure what to say to his student, so he stared at her jiggling
tits.  The round mounds stood out from her chest with no sag at all. Her
full, up-turned nipples trapped his eyes.  The aureoles stood out forming
their own walnut-sized mounds topped by stiff nipples.  The flesh
quivering to Amy's movements made Bob's mouth literally water.  He looked
up and found Amy's dark eyes locked on his.

As he swallowed, Amy spoke up.  "Aren't you even going to tip me? You
look happy to see me," she said and bit softly on her lower lip while her
arms squeezed her breasts together, pushing her nipples out even farther,
all the while staring at him.

"Oh, sure," Bob said, and pulled a ten spot out of his wallet.  "I really
appreciated the free pass, and your show was great."  He took a deep
breath and continued "You're the most beautiful--the most gorgeous woman
I've ever seen in person," he said raspy with nervousness and breaking
contact with her eyes only to be trapped by the white smooth valley
between her breasts.

"Down here," Amy said, and Bob's eyes were momentarily again struck by
the intense stare of dark eyes from the East before her finger, wagging
in front of her face began to trace a line downwards pushing over her
full lips and down the soft throat to between the soft cushions of her
breasts.  Her forearm passed over her tit, mashing it down, and when it
popped free, its inflamed nipple snapping out, Bob found that his cock,
hard as iron, had suddenly pulsed and become stiffer.  He could have used
it for batting practice with a hard ball with no problem at all.

"Down.." Amy said, her finger indenting her soft stomach and poking
briefly into her navel before traveling across the smooth flat skin
between her hips.

"...here," she finished, her fingers now toying with the pearls that were
her only covering before moving on.  Bob now was hypnotized by the magic
place behind the swinging strands of pearls.  The shimmery pearls rolled
over a mohawk strip of trimmed pussy hair, pushing the strands down only
to have them pop up before the next string of pearls repeated the
process.  Below, her cunt was shaved bare and smooth, the inner lips just
visible between the pouting outer fold.  Unconsciously leaning down
toward the area of his dreams, Bob detected a faint, musky odor.  The
clacking of the of the pearls, audible above the music this close, mixed
with the scent and sight of his student's pussy carried him away from the
noisy club, and his entire world became a few square inches of nubile
flesh.  The pearls pattered against the bare cunt lips, perhaps creating
the arousal that Bob smelled.  One strand hit squarely between the lips
and stuck for an instant before dropping away glistening with juice. 
This woman was wet and ready.

"Down here, silly," Amy repeated for the third time, and Bob saw her
stretching out a garter two-thirds up on her right thigh. He came to
himself and reached slowly towards the thigh with great deliberation,
afraid his hand might stray to the moist lips inches away.  The backs of
his fingers brushed over the smooth skin of Amy's inner thigh as they
pulled the garter out to receive ten dollar bill.  The skin was slightly
cool to the touch, but the back of his hand felt waves of heat coming
from the pussy above as if it were a space heater.  The pearl strings ran
across his hand as he pulled it back, leaving a small trail of dampness
that cooled in the open air.

"If you like what you see, and I can tell that you do," she said, her
eyes shining with the reflected glow of neon, "you can have a private
dance for only $50 in our 1-on-1 booth."

"Sounds great," Bob's cock replied as he reached back to pull out his
wallet a second time.  If she had said $5,000 for getting in a pit with
10 starving, rabid Dobermans, his response would have been the same. 
Sexual desire had shorted out the rational center of his brain and the
need of his hard dick fogged out all of his earlier shyness.  To be alone
with his fantasy girl in a situation where her role was to tease and
arouse him directly touched a deep unconscious need that broke through
the restraints imposed by his role as teacher to this sultry student. 
His cock pulsed, wanting attention as he handed over the money.  All he
could think of was his body pressed against Amy's soft, warm skin while
his dick was encased in the hot, moist grip of her cunt.

He heard her instructions to go to a door at the side of the room, but
his mind was screaming for joy!  His imagination was in overdrive,
producing images of his hand reaching out and pressing, kneading and
pulling on those puckered nipples as he bends down to kiss her full lips. 
How far could he go?  His imagination made fantasies become realities,
and Bob trembled.

In a few minutes, Bob found himself in small room.  He sat in the simple
chair against the wall and stared at through the clear glass partition 2
feet in front of him that separated his small cubby hole from a larger
dance area.  This was not what he had expected at all.  Sure, it was
private, but he had certainly thought that "private" also implied
something more intimate.  Talk about safe sex!  This glass barrier could
protect a herd of pachyderms.  The whole set up seemed designed so that a
man, perhaps for a suitable tip, could masturbate and the dancer would
not have to worry about the guy getting too carried away.  Bob felt very
uncomfortable in the situation, thinking that Amy would type him as some
strange pervert bent on preying on students.  Adding a sharp edge to the
situation was his recent memory of the girl's smoldering dark eyes and
her full red lips in a smile as he ogled her naked breasts and wet pussy. 
If he didn't know Amy, then he could have gone with the situation and let
his desire take control.  However, he wanted to keep his lusts secret
from the co-ed, although how that was possible, now that he'd accepted
this invitation, was a bit of a problem.  He wondered how many men had
come to this room and heard her high, girlish voice tinkling out
obscenities, urging them to orgasm.

Now Amy came out.  Her tits jiggled and bounced with each step; the
bright yellow body suit molded itself to her skin without restraining the
fluid movements of her supple muscles and without completely obscuring
the dark puffy buds of her nipples.  Matching yellow stockings wrapped
around the curves of her legs.  "Hi there," she said, popping a cassette
into a tape deck, " Make yourself comfortable.  I hope you enjoy
yourself."  Her voice came over a speaker on Bob's side, but he could see
no microphone.

Bob was already enjoying the olive skin above the stocking top that
curved up and out when it reached her low-slung ass.  The high cut bottom
of the body suit set off her soft, fleshy bottom, her olive skin making a
nice contrast to the bright yellow of the narrow band that disappeared
between her cheeks.  Even if he couldn't touch her, Bob was enjoying the
view.  

Then music started and the light in Amy's side of the booth went out,
replaced by a black light that set the co-ed's yellow garb glowing.  Bob
could dimly make out her face and the bare skin of her thighs, but her
glowing legs and the outline of her tits jiggling to her movements were
the focus of his attention.  His cock pulsed and swelled when her thick
nipples atop puffy areolae were clearly outlined in profile, the sheer
yellow fabric molding perfectly to their shape.  At regular intervals a
strobe light flashed, revealing the nubile student in poses that seared
his retinas.  He saw her kneading her crotch or grabbing her breasts
through the thin, semi-transparent material.  One flash of the light
revealed her tongue out, wetting her upper lip, bright red with lipstick. 
He also noticed that her eyes were closed, the lids lightly colored with
yellow eyeshadow matching her costume.

Amy's closed eyes gave him the courage to unzip his trousers and pry out,
a little painfully, his stiff prick.  As the stiff organ snapped out, he
grabbed it and began to seriously stroke it, the head an angry purple. 
He was intensely aware of his student a few feet away from his naked
dick.  As he pumped and pulled the obscenely swollen organ, Amy began to
spray herself with a shower head on a hose.  Bob didn't know where it had
come from, but the water sparkled in the black light and encased the sexy
co-ed's body in a silvery halo.  It also, he quickly noticed, turned the
bodysuit completely transparent.  His pants were below his knees now as
his hand pumped his cock more insistently as Amy bent over, her ass
inches from the glass, the bare lips of her pussy showing clearly through
the soaked fabric.

The erotic, wet-dream world created by the black light, music, water and
sex goddess body of the young Thai lady became more charged when Amy
changed the spray of water to pulsing jets.  She stroked the hose in time
to the bursts of compact water that she aimed at her face and open mouth. 
Bob's unconscious immediately turned the water splattering and drenching
the student's face into his cum.  He pressed against the glass, moving
his head back only when his breath began to fog his view of her full red
lips and the stray lock of hair stuck to her cheek.  The swollen head of
his penis flattened against the cool glass as his body pressed forward,
trying to reach the biological magnet attracting it, the Asian dreamgirl
working as hard as she could to get his dick hard and his balls pumping
cum.  She was no longer his student or even a real person, for Bob's mind
had found both the source and goal of the lust that had driven the lives
of creatures alive before the hominid family was ever considered by the
forces of evolution.

Amy turned to face him in the flickering strobe light and as one pulled
at a puckered nipple the other sensuously gathered the water from one
cheek and popped into her mouth.  Her almond eyes were still closed when
her finger began to fuck her shiny red lips which were pursed around the
substitute cock.  At the same time, her other hand stroked down her body
and slid beneath the thin transparent strip of cloth which stuck wetly to
her pussy.  First one and then two fingers slipped between the naked cunt
lips deep into her wet hole.  Amy began to gyrate her hips and masturbate
in time to the deep low sound of the bass line in the music, driving her
fingers hard and deep into her creaming pussy.  Her beautiful face,
sparkling with drops of water that could be lust-created sweat, was drawn
in passion while she licked and bit the finger in her mouth.

Bob steadily and firmly stroked his cock, his knees bent and his hips
thrust forward so that the engorged organ bobbed in the air in front of
his student.  He moved his other hand between his legs, the palm pressing
the soft wrinkled skin of his ball sack and massaging the two grape-sized
orbs inside as his fingers rubbed the stiff hidden base of his dick back
between his legs.  His lust was amplified by the uninhibited eroticism
displayed by the girl finger fucking herself a mere foot or two away. 
The mushroom head flared wide and became smooth and shiny.  The rod in
his hand became steel-rigid and his muscles tensed in pleasure, but
inside he felt a relaxing as a passage opened up for his building current
of cum.  His cock, now huge and swollen, waved openly in angry power in
front of its focus, the Asian coed bitch-in-heat.  His pounding fist now
ran on automatic, blurring up and down the stiff pulsing dick.

A strong flow of cum was being pressured up his penis when the music
suddenly stopped and Amy dropped to her knees in front of him, face up,
tongue wrapped around her finger, eyes open and staring into his.  If the
eyes are mirrors of the soul, here animal passion had clearly claimed
both, and in the meeting of these two spirits, Bob felt a snarling,
frenzied lust which could never be bettered but only matched by the most
savage of animal matings.  Thick white gouts of passion slammed and
spattered the glass in front of his Oriental student's face over and over
again while Bob's lips curled back and his breath came strong vocal
pants.  Lava flows of cum ran down the glass only to be fed from the
source once more.  Amy stuck out her wet tongue and wagged it at the
pumping prick, then bit her full lower lip, her eyes never leaving Bob's.

"Cunt.  Slut," Bob's voice growled out as he pulled out the last of the
cum to drip on floor.  Amy smiled behind the sperm-smeared glass.

Where did THAT come from, Bob wondered, his rational mind now taking
control.  He quickly took in the sleazy scene.  His pants were down
around his ankles; both hand were in his crotch cupping his balls and
holding his penis, cum oozing out the tip.  The glass looked like a water
balloon filled with cum had hit it, and Amy was on the other side, the
coed with the shaved cunt and a bodysuit that covered everything but hid
nothing.  His temples, armpits and back were wet, and the smell of semen
and sweat filled his nostrils.

How could he have done this in front of her?  His conscience, formed many
years ago by parents and pulpit, came down hard.  He turned to the side
away from Amy and groped for his trousers.  His cock had not yet had time
to wilt, so he had to painfully bend the still massive organ and
forcefully stuff it in his briefs.  He did not notice Amy's avid stare.

"Wow!  I didn't even take off my clothes yet.  I told you it was a good
show," Amy remarked smugly.  "Hey, wait!" she cried when she saw her
professor moving toward the door before he had even put his clothes back
together.  "Can't you stay around for a while?  I have a special show to
do later, but after you can drive me home.  I don't want to take a cab."

Bob heard her muffled voice through the glass, but he couldn't bring
himself to turn around and look at the girl.  But wait, she said
something about taking her home?

"I could do that, if you want," he said hesitantly over his shoulder.

"Great," Amy replied and gave the glass a kick to get him to turn around.
"See you later," she said, her fingers pulling her stiff nipples through
the yellow fabric.