Auntie Marilyn



Chapter 1

     Marilyn Goodge studied herself carefully in the mirror.  "Am I 
getting old," she mused as she stroked her face, studying her high 
cheekbones with the close scrutiny that only a very beautiful woman could 
do.  She was still a knock-out and she knew it, it was just that earlier 
on that day she had witnessed something which had shocked her profoundly 
and had caused her, for the first time, to wonder if she was getting old.
     The voluptuous 35 year old woman had just stepped out of the tub and 
having toweled her body vigorously she had caused her ruby red nipples to 
spring to immediate hardness.  She cupped her breasts in her hands and 
held them lovingly, feeling a surge of sexual pleasure erupt in her body.  
Marilyn knew that she was horny, it wasn't easy being a beautiful widow 
with very high standards, none of the men in her immediate social circle 
really appealed to her, that was with the exception of Ronnie Goodge but 
then he was her dead husband's brother and it just wasn't done to have an 
affair with such a close family member.
     She had noticed of late that her attention was being drawn more and 
more to very young boys, in fact it was that very thing that had upset her 
so much earlier on in the day.
     The young widow had stopped by her brother-in-law's house to drop off 
a birthday gift for him.  She hadn't bothered to knock on the door and had 
quietly entered the kitchen, only to realize that there was someone in the 
house.  At first she thought it was her eleven year old nephew Peter and 
she hadn't thought anything of it, then she had heard other voices and she 
had just presumed that it was a couple of Peter's friends.  But then, she 
heard a strange moaning that had caused her to stop dead in her tracks, it 
wasn't an ordinary moan, in fact she knew immediately what kind of a moan 
it was . . . she might not have made love for a long, long time but she 
knew a sexual cry when she beard it!
     Whatever could be going on in the house, she had wondered and quietly 
moving through the house she made her way to the den where the sounds 
seemed to be coming from.  The door was slightly ajar and peeping through 
the crack in the door, Marilyn saw, much to her horror her nephew Peter 
with his friend Seth Roberts hovering over Emmy Phillips' girl Jenny . . . 
the only problem was that Jenny's sweater was up and she was not wearing a 
bra.  The boys were cupping the girl's swollen, nipple-peaked mounds 
eagerly, tweaking and teasing the nipples and causing the young girl to 
writhe and squirm in her seat.
     Marilyn could hardly believe her eyes, Peter was only eleven and so 
was his friend Seth and Jenny Phillips wasn't more than thirteen years 
old.  She had no idea that kids of that age did things like that.  Then 
she gasped inwardly as her nephew leaned over the young girl and started 
to suck one of her swollen rigid nipples up into his eager mouth.
     "Oooooooooh!" the young blonde girl moaned, her eyes almost popping 
out of her head as the boy licked hungrily at the tingling little bud as 
Seth continued to massage the other nakedly upthrust mound.
     "When are you going to let us look at your pussy, Jenny," Peter 
urged.
     "Another time," purred the young girl seductively, licking her lips 
sensually as the boys continued to play with her tits.
     "How about now?" Seth grinned lewdly, giving her breast an extra hard 
tweak.
     Suddenly Marilyn could bear it no longer and she coughed loudly, 
causing the young girl to thrust down her sweater quickly just before the 
older woman entered the den.
     "What's going on here Peter," she inquired, looking earnestly into 
the guilt-stricken faces of the young children.
     "Oh Aunt Marilyn, what a surprise, "blushed Peter, looking down 
quickly at his shoes.
     "I said, what's going on here," Marilyn said again firmly.
     "Nothing, we were just trying to get Jenny to go to the park with 
us," lied Seth Roberts.
     "I see, well, why don't you run along
     Peter . . . and when Daddy gets home, tell him I left a gift for his 
birthday.  Oh, and also, tell him to call me."
     Marilyn Goodge left the house quickly, she was in a quandary, should 
she tell her brother-in-law what she had seen at the house, or not . . . 
she really didn't know what to do . . . it was so embarrassing.

*    *    * 

     "Marilyn, are you serious," Ronnie Goodge exploded on the other end 
of the telephone later that evening, "you saw what?"
     "I saw your son Peter sucking Jenny Phillips' breasts, I'm telling 
you . . . don't you believe me, Ronnie?"
     "I'm sorry Marilyn, to sound so disbelieving, it's just difficult to 
imagine young Peter doing such a thing, he's just a kid."
     "That's what I thought Ronnie, but both he and his friend Seth were 
playing with the Phillips' girl, I thought you should know."
     "Thanks Marilyn, I'll have a talk with Peter and oh, by the way, 
thanks for the birthday present, you're really sweet."
     "Goodnight then Ronnie, be gentle with Peter, he really is just a 
child."
     Marilyn Goodge hung up the telephone and moving over to the drinks 
cabinet she poured herself a stiff drink.  She had been more than 
embarrassed to talk of such a thing with her handsome brother-in-law, 
especially as she always felt such a sexual undercurrent from him . . . 
still, she had to do her duty, it was only right and proper.
     The older woman had just taken a bath and was now feeling quite 
relaxed, the drinks adding to her relaxation.  She sank into the chair and 
picked up a book, pulling her bathrobe tightly around her voluptuous body.  
She looked like an old fashioned miniature at that moment, her black curly 
hair piled up on the top of her head like a Gibson girl, her cornflower 
blue eyes gazing into the distance, totally lost in thought.  She sipped 
her second drink a little more slowly, feeling her nipples hardening 
against the fuzzy material of her bathrobe.  Marilyn always felt 
embarrassed when her body spoke to her this way, it was almost as if it 
was telling her that it was hungry to be touched and caressed . . . yet, 
what could she do . . . she couldn't go out and solicit a man, she just 
wasn't that kind of a woman.
     Marilyn had been widowed a couple of years now and during that time 
she had had one brief affair with a doctor, but since that time no man had 
entered her life.  For a long time, it didn't bother her but she had 
noticed over the past few months that she was feeling hornier and hornier, 
it didn't take very much to make her body flare up in a passionate need 
that demanded satisfaction immediately.  She sighed languidly now, leaning 
back on the couch, allowing her robe to fall slightly open to reveal the 
swollen mounds of her breasts and the rose-tipped nipples nestled on the 
top of them.
     Marilyn gazed down at her body, allowing the robe to fall open enough 
to reveal her smooth belly and the provocative valley down between her 
parted thighs.  She sucked in her breath now as she felt her flesh 
beginning to tingle with the wanton desire that she had been fighting for 
the past few months and almost unconsciously she trailed her hand down to 
the wide-set mounds of her breasts, slipping her fingers inside her robe 
and flicking them lightly over the pertly swollen buds of her nipples.
     The beautiful widow sighed as she began to gently massage her 
breasts, then still without thinking of what she was doing she allowed her 
hand to trail down her smooth satin belly to the steadily pulsating mound 
of her pussy and to come into alarming contact with the little bud of her 
clitoris.
     Suddenly the lust-contorted face of young Jenny Phillips sprang up in 
front of her and she knew now why it had disturbed her so much to see the 
boys playing with the young girl . . . it was her own desire that she had 
seen mirrored in the girl's face.
     Beside herself now, not thinking of what she was actually doing, 
Marilyn tweaked harder and harder over the urgently pulsing little 
clitoral bud.  She moaned softly at the titillating shocks of delight that 
shot out from her loins at the teasing contact of her finger on the ripe 
little bud, her buttocks undulating sensuously as she reached both hands 
lower to part the black-fringed lips of her cunt.  More strained whimpers 
issued from her throat as her fingers spread the smoothly flowing cuntal 
moisture up and down the lust-tortured slit, and she could feel the 
fluttering in her stomach from her growing desire as she further 
intensified the lewd stroking on her pulsating clitoris.
     Marilyn continued the obscene self-caress unthinkingly for a moment 
longer, then with a sigh of shame and frustration, stilled her hand again, 
her body stiffening and her eyes opening wide to stare up at the ceiling 
in shock and humiliation as she realized what she was about to do.  It was 
almost too warped and perverted for her to even imagine, and even here in 
the privacy of her own home Marilyn felt almost as embarrassed and ashamed 
as she should have it she had been caught in the act!
     She was confused, part of her felt that it was wrong and evil to 
touch herself and the other part of her was on fire for release, her lust 
was like a hot ball of fire in her loins and she knew that she had to have 
some kind of relief.  Suddenly she arched her smoothly rounded buttocks of 
the couch, she had to release herself even if it did mean this lewd act.  
A shiver ran through her as she placed her finger back into contact with 
the lewdly pulsing little bud of her clitoris, moving downward again to 
spread the flowing cuntal moisture up and down along her glistening pussy-
slit.  Her fingers worked the hair-lined lips wider apart and began to 
probe teasingly up into the softly clasping upper flesh, sending further 
obscene shocks of pleasure and need to dart out over her lustfully 
quivering body.
     Her mind almost blotted out the guilt that welled parallel to her 
rising lust as she wormed her middle finger slowly up into the resisting 
tightness of her desire-heated pussy.  She knew there was no way to stop 
herself now.  She would never get to sleep if she didn't do something to 
quell her consuming lust.  Moaning distantly she burrowed her middle 
finger deeper, her thumb rubbing swiftly at the hotly throbbing bud of her 
clitoris as she arched her hips even higher and sank her finger to the 
last knuckle into her moistly parting cuntal flesh.  Then with an even 
more insane whimper she surrendered completely to her obscene longing and 
began a lewdly writhing undulation of her body on the bed, finger-tucking 
with smooth even strokes in and out of the tightly caressing lips of her 
cunt.
     A stream of desperate moans and pleadings issued from Marilyn's 
throat as she began to finger-fuck herself in earnest.  Her eyes and teeth 
clenched and she thrashed her body savagely from the obscene lust of 
passion that consumed her.  Grunts of salacious pleasure spewed from her 
lips and her fingers darting swiftly in and out of her tightly trembling 
pussy-lips, her thumb working with maddening effect on the pulsating bud 
of her clitoris.
     Her face flushed and she broke out in a shining coat of perspiration 
as the love-starved widow strained for the still distant orgasm, groaning 
in lustful frustration and worming her finger even more rapidly in and out 
of the quivering warmth of her pussy.  She tossed her head from side to 
side, whipping her long black curly hair undone from the confines of the 
bobby pins that were holding it up on the top of her head.  Then she 
lifted her head up from the couch, gazing in shock down between the 
trembling mounds of her naked breasts and deriving a lewd thrill at the 
perverse sight of her own hand moving eagerly up and down between her 
widely scissoring thighs.
     Again she recalled Jenny's expression as her nephew Peter had sucked 
her breast and her sense of identification merged mote clearly in the 
focus of her own heightened lust, and in spite of the thrills coursing 
wantonly through her naked loins and flesh, Marilyn could not quell the 
sob that rose in her throat at the shattering realization that above and 
beyond everything else she'd felt at the obscene encounter at her brother-
in-law's house, she had been envious of the young girl being so lewdly 
fondled by the two young boys!
     Now Marilyn's body was thrashing savagely on the couch, her loins 
jerking madly to the probing strokes of her fingers working deeper and 
deeper into the quivering flesh of her cunt.  The lips of her vagina 
flowered open wider to accept two fingers, and then three, up into her 
warmly yielding inner flesh, and she continued frenzied stroking of her 
thumb over the little twitching bud of her clitoris, almost driving 
herself out of her mind with obscene passion.
     Then suddenly her whole body tensed and shuddered, and a series of 
obscene grunts and moans and whimpers spewed from her lips as she moved 
her finger in a staccato rhythm in and out of her burning loins.  Her body 
uncoiled in a frantic whiplash motion, her legs opening and closing in 
desperation on the finger that still jerked in and out of the wantonly 
sucking lips of her pussy.  Already Marilyn could feel the rising tide 
beginning deep up in her heaving belly.  Spontaneous contortions racked 
her naked flesh as she hungered and fought for the release she now knew 
was imminent.  Another spasm of obscene delight shook her, obliterating 
the last of her inhibitions with the salacious promise building in her 
loins.
     As reality began to fade, Marilyn emersed herself totally in the 
delirium of her self-inflicted passion.  She drew her fingers almost 
completely out of her trembling cunt-lips, stroking in an even more rapid 
motion over her swollen clitoris to send new, more wanton thrills to swell 
out from the pulsating flesh of her loins through every inch of her 
gyrating body.  She worked her finger frenziedly back and forth over the 
quivering cuntal bud, sobbing and moaning in urgent supplication as the 
release she so urgently needed continued to elude her.  Then giving out 
with an even louder moan she thrust her three fingers savagely back into 
the trembling little cuntal mouth.
     Marilyn's breasts heaved with the insane tossings of her lust-racked 
torso as she lunged her hips wildly up and down on the bed, jerking with 
the little spasms flowing spontaneously out through her loins.
     Suddenly the wanton woman began to feel her orgasm mounting inside 
her quivering pussy-flesh that surfaced swiftly in a blinding volcano of 
elation, bursting forth in a breathtaking wave of sensation that soared 
through every inch of her nakedly thrashing body.  The lips of her cunt 
clutched and sucked at her lewdly tucking finger.  Her breath rasped in 
short gasps, and she cried out in delirium, wallowing in her obscene bliss 
as the lightning-like sensations jolted relentlessly through her.
     Marilyn continued the rapid workings of her thumb over the pulsating 
bud of her clitoris until she'd extracted every bit of the obscene 
pleasure that her body had to offer.  She writhed and bucked beneath her 
own finger as it continued to plunge in and out of the contracting walls 
of her pussy.  She was riding the waves of her overwhelmingly sensational 
orgasm now, giving herself the release she had yearned for so long.
     She felt soft and yielding and very much a woman now as she sank back 
down onto the couch, satiated by her own hand, her lust-tormented body 
relaxed now.  The tiny cringing wall of doubt began to mount in her mind 
now, however, as the orgasm faded and began to be replaced by the 
overwhelming pangs of doubt . . . she was really perverted to do such a 
tiring, she told herself over and over again in her mind . . . there was 
no reprieve for her . . . she was a lost woman!



Chapter 2

     Ronnie Goodge hoped that he had handled the situation correctly as he 
watched his eleven-year-old son saunter out of the house on his way to 
school.  He had had a good talk with his son and had gotten the boy to 
finally admit that he and his friend Seth Roberts had been fooling around 
with young Jenny Phillips . . . the only thing that troubled Ronnie was 
that Peter swore that the girl's sweater was down when his sister-in-law 
had entered the room . . . which meant only one thing . . . that Marilyn 
had been watching at the door!
     It wasn't easy for Ronnie Goodge to bring up his young son alone, his 
wife had left him when the boy was only three years old and he had never 
heard from her since, nor wanted to for that matter.  Over the years 
Ronnie had had more than one girlfriend and several times he had been 
tempted to re-marry but he had never quite felt strong enough about any 
one girl to tie the knot.  He was fatally attracted to his sister-in-law 
Marilyn, and now with his brother's death he had grown even fonder of her.  
He knew that it wasn't proper for a man to want his own dead brother's 
wife but he did.  He never got very far with Marilyn, however, even on the 
occasions when they were drunk together, she was always aloof . . . 
holding herself back, not quite letting her hair down altogether with him.
     Ronnie knew however that she must be madly frustrated, he knew that 
she hadn't had a boyfriend in a long, long time and now, realizing that 
she had virtually been a peeping tom with the children, convinced him even 
more than she was ripe to be fucked.  The only problem is, he thought to 
himself, how can I do it!

*    *    *

     Later on that day, after school, young Peter Goodge and his friend 
Seth Roberts were hanging out at Seth's house, talking about their mishap 
the previous day.
     "So was your Dad hopping mad?"
     "Not really, he just told me that I was a little young for such 
things and that I should watch my step from now on, he was kind of 
embarrassed if you know what I mean and didn't really want to talk about 
it anymore."
     "Did he say anything else about your aunt?"
     "No not really, only one thing did puzzle me, after Dad made the 
remark.  Do you realize that my aunt must have been watching us for quite 
a while before she came in because she told my Dad I was sucking Jenny's 
tits, now you know we heard her cough and Jenny shoved her sweater down, 
so her tits weren't even exposed when Aunt Marilyn came into the room."
     The two boys looked at each other, their eyes widening with 
excitement.
     "You realize what that means, don't you Seth," young Peter Goodge 
grinned lewdly.
     "No . . . puzzled the other boy.
     "It means that Aunt Marilyn was watching us through the crack in the 
door because she's frustrated.  She hasn't had a man in a long, long time 
and I think she's horny."
     "What!" exclaimed Seth.
     "That's right and what's more I'm going to find out if it's true."
     "What do you mean Peter?"
     "Well . . . I want to lose my virginity, you've already fucked your 
sister and your cousin, how about if I get to fuck my aunt."
       "You're kidding!"
     "Nope, I'm not . . . I've thought about it all day long, I'm going to 
go to my aunt sort of tearful like, then I'm going to ask her to explain 
the facts of life to me, tell her I don't really know about girls or 
anything and that my Dad is too embarrassed to talk to me about it.  Make 
her feet sorry for me, not having a mother and all.  I've got something 
else too that will loosen her up a bit."
     "What?"
     "Some hashish."
     "She'll never smoke it, she's too uptight."
     "I know, but I talked with Jenny at school today, her mother is at 
work all day long and tomorrow Jenny said she would bake me some brownies.  
I'm going to give her some hash for the brownies and then I'll give one or 
two to my aunt, tell her they are Boy Scout cookies or something! "
     "Oh boy, do you think she'll go for it?"
     "She won't know what's hit her, she'll eat the brownies, then I'll 
start talking to her about sex, she'll start getting all worked up, 
because I'm telling you she's really horny and then hopefully after that 
everything will be a cinch."



Chapter 3

     "How nice of you to come and see me," Marilyn Goodge said a little 
nervously to her nephew Peter.  She was still embarrassed from the sexual 
encounter she had witnessed with young Jenny Phillips and didn't know 
quite how to act around her attractive young nephew.  It was almost as if 
she were seeing him for the first time, she had only thought of him as a 
little boy, but now, having seen him suck Jenny's nipples so expertly she 
was beginning to see him in another light.
     "I brought you a little present too Auntie," Peter smiled, thinking 
lewdly of all the things he wanted to do to his aunt once he got her 
stoned and loosened up.  He knew all about what a guy did to fuck, he had 
just never done it yet and he was anxious to try it.
     "What do you have Peter," Marilyn asked curiously.
     "A few brownies.  They're from the Boy Scout bake sale.  I thought 
you might like one with your tea."
     "How thoughtful of you Peter, I'll put the kettle on."
     Half an hour later, having consumed at least three brownies and drunk 
two cups of tea, Marilyn Goodge was relaxing in the living room of her own 
house.
     "It really was nice of you to come and see me Peter, it's kind of 
like old times, isn't it."
     "Yes Auntie," the young boy said quietly, "only there is something I 
wanted to talk to you about."
     "Oh really Peter, what is it."
     "Well . . . I don't know quite how to say it, but not having a mother 
has made things a bit difficult for me."
     "Oh I know Peter, I know," the older woman said sympathetically, 
laying her hand on her young nephew's thigh in a motherly sort of way.
     Marilyn wasn't quite sure what was happening to her but for the past 
few moments she had begun to feel sort of different, it was almost as if 
she had had a few drinks but not quite, it was a different sort of 
feeling, one that she couldn't quite identify.  Suddenly however, she 
noticed how everything had taken on a kind of surreal quality, and young 
Peter was beginning to blur in her consciousness into pictures of her dead 
husband and then his father and then back to his boy-face again.  I wonder 
what's going on with me, she puzzled.  Then she shot her attention back to 
her nephew, he seemed to be staring at her intently as if he were 
expecting something from her.  Then she realized that he was waiting for 
her to say something.
     "Oh, I'm sorry Peter, I don't know what came over me," the older 
woman confessed, running her hand over her brow in an effect to calm 
herself.  "What was it you wanted me to help you with?"
     "Well I'm sort of embarrassed, but you know Auntie, I don't know 
anything about . . . well, you know . . . men and woman, sex and all that, 
how babies are born.  I mean I don't know anything about it," the boy 
finished lamely.
     Marilyn Goodge took a deep breath, she was a little shocked and 
embarrassed at her nephew's question but not as much as she thought she 
would be, after all she was only doing what his mother would have done if 
she had been there at that moment.  What she didn't know, however, was how 
to put it in terms the boy could understand.  She wasn't prepared though 
for his next remark.
     "What I really want to know Auntie, is how men and women do it."
     Marilyn Goodge gulped, she could hardly believe that her young nephew 
was asking her such an outlandish question, how on earth could she answer 
him!!!
     "What I mean Auntie, is, what is the difference between boys and 
girls, you know, down there . . ."
     The young widow drew in her breath, "Well Peter," she said slowly, 
"the man has a penis and the woman has a vagina . . . that is an opening.  
Now in the act of sexual intercourse the male's penis is inserted into the 
female's vagina.  The male ejaculates and if the female happens to be 
ovulating at the time and the sperm unites with one of the eggs, that will 
cause      "Oh," the boy said looking very puzzled.  "Then what is it when 
boys and girls play with each other, you know, play with a girl's tits and 
all that kind of stuff that the boys talk about at school."
     "Peter, I really don't know how to answer you, this is very difficult 
for me."
     "Well Auntie, what I really want to know is how do people fuck."
     Marilyn Goodge was stunned, she could hardly believe her ears, was 
this her eleven year old nephew talking to her this way . . . it couldn't 
be . . . it just couldn't be.  And, she still felt so strange, what was 
wrong with her, even Peter's face seemed to be coming in and out of focus.
     Peter Goodge was elated, he knew that his aunt was stoned out of her 
gourd, even though she didn't know it, he could tell.  He could see that 
he was really arousing her also, he could tell by the way her hands were 
fidgeting up and down her sweater.  She seemed to have a far-away look on 
her face too, and her lips were moving almost as if she were talking to 
herself.  He noticed now how her tongue began to dart nervously out of her 
mouth and to lap around her lips sensually.  Suddenly the young boy knew 
that he had to be very daring, his aunt was in an altered state of 
consciousness and it was time for him to make his move.  With a trembling 
hand, he reached up toward one of his aunt's swollen breasts.
     Marilyn Goodge wasn't aware of her nephew's movement until his hand 
was actually in startling contact with her voluptuously molded mound . . . 
then she started so violently that Peter drew back his hand rapidly.
     The young widow stared down in mute shock at her young nephew, she 
was stunned by his action and couldn't do anything but stare at him.  She 
didn't know how to re-act . . . everything seemed so unreal to her!
     "I'm sorry Auntie, I'm really sorry," the boy sobbed.
     Marilyn was suddenly aware of the tiny tingling shivers of excitement 
that were beginning to course up and down her spine as she looked at her 
handsome young nephew.  There was a fluttering in her stomach and a 
pounding in her heart and her breath was coming in short rasps.  She knew 
that she should have been angry and shocked at her eleven year old 
nephew's outrageous behavior and yet she couldn't help but admit to
herself that she wasn't!
     She was well aware that the young boy was profoundly upset at his 
action however, and she reached out her hand and gently touched his face, 
his hands running through his hair.  "Peter dear, what on earth is wrong 
with you, you've never done anything like this before."
     Then almost as if it were someone else and not herself that was 
acting, the beautiful widow drew her young nephew close to her, flicking 
her tongue out to moisten her voluptuous lips.
     Peter Goodge was amazed, his aunt was looking at him so seductively 
this moment, an entire change had come over her. It was almost as if his 
touch had awoken something deep inside her . . . it looked to him almost 
as if she were going to kiss him, or something!
     With a soft moan, Marilyn turned the nervously trembling boy's face 
up toward hers.  She caught just a glimpse of the surprise in his eyes 
before she covered his lips with her own mouth, breathing softly into his 
and parting her own lips wide to thrust her tongue in between his teeth.
     Peter stiffened in shock as his aunt kissed him light on the lips.  
He could feel her full breasts, pressed hard against his chest and she was 
breathing heavily, her body trembling.  His aunt wasn't kissing him in a 
motherly way, though, this was a woman's kiss he was getting he realized 
as she sucked on his tongue.
     Another soft tremor of excitement coursed through Marilyn's wanton 
body as she felt her nephew's hands move cautiously back up to touch her 
waist, then trailed slowly up her sides beneath her arms, lightly brushing 
the heaving swells of her breasts.  She could feel the electric excitement 
exuding from Peter's trembling body, and she knew what she was doing was 
insane.  She was leading him on, and Peter's response to her embrace could 
only be sexual arousal.  But she couldn't stop.  Her breasts were bursting 
with all the love and emotion that welled up in them for her beautiful 
young nephew and her flesh quivered with her own forbidden craving.  She 
knew that she was doing something very dangerous, but somehow she couldn't 
stop herself.
     Another distant puff rising in her throat, Marilyn removed her lips 
from Peter's, snuggling her face against his cheek and blowing softly into 
his ear.  Now she didn't resist as one of Peter's hands slipped between 
their bodies to eagerly cup and massage the ripely rounded firmness of her 
breasts, hardly protected by her flimsy blouse.
     "Auntie, please show me . . . will you show me how to do it?"
     Marilyn could hardly believe her ears.  Yet now the blunt request, 
which ordinarily would have shocked and angered her, prompted a much 
different reaction.  Her lust and her compassion for her nephew were 
becoming confused and it was difficult for her to separate one from the 
other.
     "Auntie, please, please will you do it with me?"
     "Oh no, Peter, I can't . . . I can't . . . the older woman whispered 
into her young nephew's ear, "I just can't."
     Marilyn was hardly aware as Peter took one of her hands and pulled it 
gently downward.  Only when it was placed right down on the lewdly 
throbbing erection that tented the crotch of his pants did she realize 
what he was doing.  Then another shock coursed through her loins as 
Peter's other hand dropped from her breasts to seize the hem and her skirt 
and begin to work it slowly up to reveal her soft-skinned thighs and the 
nearly transparent bikini panties, winch hardly protected her already 
obscenely moistening pussy.
     Peter was so excited he could hardly stand it.  He could hardly 
believe that this was happening with his aunt but he couldn't think about 
anything at this moment but playing with her gorgeous breasts, and having 
her hand resting on the pulsating hardness of his penis, and the sheer 
thrill of pulling her dress up and revealing her tantalizingly rounded 
thighs and buttocks was almost more than he could bear.  His cock was so 
hard he thought it was going to burst out of his pants, and if he didn't 
get to fuck his aunt pretty soon, he thought he would go out of his mind.
     Marilyn gathered all her strength together now and pulled back from 
her young nephew.  She stared down at her own body, completely exposed 
from the waist down except for the thinly revealing panties that didn't 
even conceal the soft black hair of her pussy nestled so invitingly 
between her thighs.  Then her eyes rested on her nephew's bulging pants, 
his lewdly aroused cock causing her to suck in her breath sharply.  It 
didn't seem quite real though, nothing seemed quite real.
     "Please Auntie, you've got to do it to me, I want it so badly, I can 
hardly stand it."
     Marilyn watched her nephew in desperation.  She knew he was right, 
for it had been she who had begun this! How could she leave him hanging 
this way . . . how could she . . . it would probably harm him for life!
     "Promise you'll never tell anyone Peter," urged Marilyn.
     "I promise," the young boy said excitedly.
     "I can't make love to you though, Peter, I just can't."
     "B-but . . ."
     "It's just that I feel badly leaving you hanging this way, really I 
do."
     Marilyn slid her own hand slowly down her body, brushing at the 
bunched up skirt around her waist, she tried to smooth it down but she 
didn't quite manage it.  She knew what she was about to do was sheer 
madness and yet she couldn't stop herself . . . she couldn't leave her 
young nephew in this state.
     "Do you have a handkerchief," she asked in a soft., lusty voice.
     "Yes Auntie."
     "Give it to me then," she purred softly.
     The boy gave his aunt his handkerchief, still not quite understanding 
what she was going to do with it.
     Marilyn spread it over his stomach, then she unzipped his pants and, 
trying to stifle the urgent moan rising in her own throat, reached her 
fingers inside the fly of his pants.  She felt his hips jerk in sudden 
excitement as she closed her hand around the already eagerly throbbing 
shaft of his penis, looming up with a twitch in warmly pulsing erection as 
she worked the jockey shorts aside to expose the resilient flesh to his 
touch and free it to protrude upward in lewd invitation from his fly.
     Marilyn moistened her lips, gazing hungrily down at her nephew's 
nakedly throbbing little cock-shaft.  "I'm going to jack you off, Peter."
     Peter frowned in disappointment as his aunt lightly touched the 
sensitive skin of his cock, beginning to draw it slowly up and down from 
the naked head along the smoothly pulsating shaft.  Though the caress of 
her fingers on his penis felt better than anything he'd ever experienced 
in his life and was beyond even comparing with the way it felt when he did 
it to himself, he still wasn't going to be satisfied just to have her jack 
him off.  Though he was tempted.  The prospect of actually fucking his 
aunt still scared Peter, no matter how much he wanted it!
     "But Auntie . . ." pleaded Peter, his voice strained.
     "Doesn't this feel good darling," Marilyn asked, watching the 
expression on her nephew's lust-contorted face as she increased the up-
and-down motions of her hand on the erect little cock-shaft.
     "It feels good Auntie, but I want to fuck you."
     A lustful shiver ran swiftly through Marilyn's body at hearing that 
blunt word, but no matter how much she might want to give in to the boy's 
lewd demands, she knew she had to control herself.
     Peter continued to tremble and jerk on the couch as his aunt 
increased the smoothly skinning up and down motions of her hand on his 
blood-filled cock, feeling it surge even harder in her fingers with the 
young boy's wildly spiraling desire.  Again she licked her voluptuously 
full lips and even more urgent cravings shot through her own hashish-
drugged body as she saw the little glistening seminal droplet that 
appeared in the glans-slit at the tip of Peter's cock.  Then slowly she 
decreased the movements of her hand, softly squeezing the lust-inflamed 
hardness and gazing down in completely wanton anticipation as an even more 
insane, more intriguing idea invaded her consciousness.
     She'd never felt this way in her life, and she knew what she was 
thinking of doing now could have an even more disastrous consequences than 
the relatively minor act of jacking her young nephew off.  But once the 
idea had entered her mind, she couldn't get rid of it.  The prospect was 
so warped, so perverted, so fascinating . . .
     Now Peter was groaning and tossing in youthful frenzy between the 
delicate manipulations of her fingers on his sex-crazed cock.  She knew he 
was enjoying what she was doing to him, but she could see the shame-and 
disappointment that lingered in Ms face even beyond his rising excitement.  
And she knew that even by giving him a climax in this manner, she would in 
a sense be humiliating him.  There was an inherent degradation in what she 
was doing to him now.  She was the aggressor, he the passive receiver.  
And that wasn't what she'd intended.  For no matter how stimulating it 
might be physically for her nephew, the act of ejaculating into a 
handkerchief as she, his aunt, watched and assisted, would inevitably be 
humiliating for him.
     Slowly Marilyn ceased the movements of her hand.  She couldn't do it 
to him.  She couldn't shame and humiliate him this way.  And short of 
indulging her own perverted lust, of using his innocent body for the 
satiation of her own warped desire, Marilyn could think of only one other 
way to give her nephew satisfaction, the satisfaction his young body 
demanded and let him retain his dignity at the same tune.  Then her hand 
dropped slowly away from his erectly throbbing cock.
     "Auntie . . . w-what . . . Peter gasped, his body twitching and 
jerking in frustration, his rigidly pulsating cock shaft visibly flexing 
as the contact was completely ceased.
     "I know this isn't fair to you," she said softly.  "So I'm going to 
do something else.  I know a better way to make you cum."
     "Are you going to let me screw you?"
     Marilyn couldn't help the light, playful giggle that sprang to her 
lips.  Then she shook her head.  "No, Peter, I told you I wouldn't do that 
. . . but I am going to suck your cock."
     She hesitated, relishing the look of shock and anticipation on the 
boy's face.  Then, her own desire surging almost- as wildly as his at the 
thought of offering her mouth and lips for his lewd pleasure, she leaned 
slowly downward.  Again she seized the thickly swollen shaft of his cock 
and bent it backwards until it was pointed directly up at her face.  
Inches away she paused and opened her mouth to breath softly over the 
glistening little glans, her fingers resuming the obscene up-and-down 
skinning to prompt further excited grunts and groans from the astonished 
boy.
     Then Marilyn flicked her tongue gingerly from her lips, the saliva-
wetted tip coming into wantonly shocking contact right upon the throbbing 
head of Peter's engorged cock.  She circled it slowly about the rubbery 
flesh, listening with keenly rising passion to his excited moans, feeling 
his hips twitch spontaneously from the arousing sensation.  The tip of her 
tongue found the little opening of the glans at the end and greedily 
lapped up the little shining droplet of eager pre-cum, the sharply 
pleasing taste only further increasing her own hotly building hunger and 
want.  Then her hands slipped softly to the base of the pulsing shaft as 
her lips parted to take just the blood-swollen head up into the warmth and 
moisture of her mouth.
     A low sigh escaped from Peter's lips as his aunt's mouth planted 
moist kisses around the jerking cock-head, continuing to play and tease 
him, yet still refusing to actually take the tingling shaft between her 
lips.  She trailed her tongue teasingly down the straining rod of flesh, 
then again flicked it back all the way up the slender moistened shaft.  
Then with a sudden deep groan, Peter reached down into his aunt's long 
black hair, holding her face against his loins as he thrust his hips 
eagerly upward, shoving the full-length of his hotly twitching cock 
between her lips and ramming it all the way down her tongue to the back of 
her throat.
     Marilyn gulped, giving out with a muffled whimper of mixed delight 
and protest at the sudden shocking invasion.  It almost choked her, but 
she took a wanton masochistic pleasure in her nephew's sudden display of 
aggression, surrendering her lips willingly as she felt the wildly 
palpitating head of his penis crush relentlessly into the moist tenderness 
of her mouth.
     Peter trembled as he felt his aunt's lips warmly close around the 
hard-fleshed shaft of his cock, now taking almost the whole length into 
her mouth.  As the young boy began to hunch up and down on the couch, 
Marilyn surrendered her lips even more willingly to the satisfaction of 
his obscene lust.  Again and again she felt the hotly swelling hardness 
shoving into her yielding mouth, the massively throbbing head plunging 
down the full length of her tongue to embed itself far into the back of 
her throat as Peter squirmed his loins even harder into her face.  With a 
wanton whimper she closed her eyes and began to work her head up and down 
in a bobbing movement over his loins, swishing her tongue wildly around 
the sensitively pulsing head as she started to suck in earnest.
     Marilyn was losing her inhibitions, throwing herself body and soul 
into the task of sucking her nephew's cock.  She wanted him to cum in her 
mouth.  She now longed for the lewd ejaculation and was determined not to 
waste a single drop of the precious life-giving fluid.  She concentrated 
all her efforts toward that end, making gurgling sounds deep in her 
throat, yielding up her softly willing mouth totally for Peter's pleasure.  
Her lips were stretched tightly by the violating rod of flesh, and her 
bent-over position beside the couch made the strain on her neck and 
shoulders almost unbearable.  But she didn't care.  She sucked ravenously, 
further intensifying the frenzied bobbing of her head over his loins.
     "Oh wow, Auntie, that feels so good, I can hardly stand it."
     The young boy had never experienced anything like this before in his 
life, and it was everything he could do to keep from shooting off right 
this minute into his aunt's obscenely ovalled mouth.  The feel of her 
tongue and lips on the sensitive flesh of his cock was too much, and he 
knew very soon he was going to lose control.
     Then as his aunt began to sway and undulate her body with her own 
frenziedly building passion, Peter became suddenly aware that on one side 
her skirt was still pulled all the way up to her panties, and through the 
near-transparent fabric he could just glimpse the shadowy black curls of 
the hair of her cunt.  Staring hungrily at her wantonly writhing buttocks, 
he thrust his cock even harder into the warmth and softness of her mouth.  
Then, unable to resist the temptation he reached out toward her with a 
trembling hand.
     A shiver ran through Marilyn's body as she felt Peter's hand move up 
to touch her full-fleshed buttocks, again working her skirt completely up 
above her thighs and off her seething panty-clad loins.  She gasped around 
the hotly plunging cock as she felt his fingers begin to dig and prod 
gently into the firmness of her ripely quivering ass-cheeks.  She sobbed 
in abandon, her own body beginning to come savagely to life as Peter's 
hands moved eagerly up between her thighs.
     Marilyn further intensified her cock-sucking, the lewd submission 
tapping a masochistic course in her she hadn't even known existed.  Now 
every inch of her voluptuous love-denied flesh was demanding contact, 
sensation, a physical reward in exchange for the offering of her mouth up 
for Peter's obscene exploitation, and already she was beginning to waiver 
in her resolution to make this act a sacrifice on her part.  She needed 
her own release also.  Her whole body was crying out with obscenely 
welling lust.
     Then she purred even more urgently around the boyish cock-shaft that 
violated her mouth as she felt Peter's hands begin to stroke softly up the 
straining tendon of one of her inner thighs.  She was almost completely 
naked below the waist, with only the sheer panties to conceal the 
squirming half-moons of her buttocks and the already lewdly moistened 
flesh of her cunt, but her complete vulnerability to her young nephew's 
hands only further stimulated her now almost uncontrollable passion.  Her 
submissive mewling around the hotly thrusting shaft of Peter's cock 
intensified, and she continued her fervent sucking as his fingers flicked 
shockingly up inside the tight elastic legband of her panties and teased 
into the soft curly hair that fringed her urgently pulsating little cunt-
lips.
     Then a muffled moan issued from deeper in her throat as she felt the 
first shattering contact of Peter's middle finger stroking right up along 
the slickly moistened slit of her cunt and coming into savage contact with 
the rigidly throbbing little bud of her clitoris.
     As her buttocks writhed eagerly in lewd gyrating motions, Marilyn 
felt her nephew's other hand seize the waistband at the top of her panties 
and pull them slowly down off the flexing ripeness of her buttocks.  Then 
an even more violent shiver darted through her loins as his middle finger 
stroked softly down the forbidden crack between her ass-cheeks running 
right over the sensitive little opening of her anus.  The exciting contact 
made her intensify her hungry sucking of Peter's cock, and her head bobbed 
in an even more wildly frenzied rhythm over his bucking loins, her teeth 
scratching lightly up and down his resilient flesh and her tongue still 
swiping over the palpitating head.
     Peter groaned at the lewd sight of his aunt's face bobbing in obscene 
submission over his loins, sucking his cock right up between her 
sensuously rounded lips.  Then once more he turned his attention to her 
near-naked buttocks and the softly haired flesh of her pussy, his fingers 
moving down from her hot little anus to stroke teasingly into the parted 
lips of her cunt from behind and up over the little bud nestled so 
tenderly at the top of the slit.
     Then Marilyn's buttocks twitched even more wildly as his middle 
finger slipped right up in between her flanged pussy-lips, worming slowly 
and deliberately into the warm wet flesh of her vagina, and Peter's own 
body stiffened an even louder groan coming to his lips.
     "Uh-oh," he gasped, his buttocks sinking down into the couch as he 
tried to gain control over his maddening need, but the thought of playing 
with his aunt's pussy even as she lewdly sucked his cock was more than the 
young boy could stand.  He'd never had the slightest sexual contact and 
the sensation was just too much for him.  He could feel the cum welling up 
excitedly in his balls, and he knew there wasn't a way in the world he was 
going to stop.  He was going to shoot off whether he wanted to or not . . 
. and if his aunt didn't move fast, he was going to do it right in her 
mouth.
     Marilyn felt the sudden increase of the tension in Peter's body.  She 
sensed the even greater urgency of the obscenely thrusting cock between 
her lips, and she knew it wasn't going to be long until he ejaculated.  
Frantically she began to hunch and undulate her own hips, squirming the 
softness of her lustfully tingling pussy flesh back and forth on the 
finger that still remained embedded far up inside the sensitive softness, 
now straining to obtain her own desperately needed release in spite of her 
previous vow.
     "Uh-oh," Peter gasped again.  "I'm gonna cum, Auntie.  I can't help 
it.  I just can't hold it any longer."
     Again his hips retreated downward and suddenly Marilyn realized what 
he was trying to do.  Due to Peter's inexperience, it must have never 
occurred to him that when she said she wanted to suck his cock, she 
intended to go all the way with her masochistic surrender.  She'd intended 
to let him cum in her mouth.  Now the young boy's display of naivete sent 
an even more wanton thrill darting through her wildly pulsing loins, and 
she followed his retreating cock with her lips, clinging to it 
desperately, again sucking the full length of it almost to the back of her 
throat.  She'd never let a man cum in her mouth before.  But she was 
determined to do it for Peter.  She wanted him to cum there.  She wanted 
Ws triumph and her subjugation to be complete.
     But as Peter continued to squirm away from her, it became apparent 
Marilyn was going to have to communicate her wish verbally.  The idea that 
she might want him to shoot off in her mouth must be completely beyond the 
realm of his innocently-rooted imagination, and she had to let him know so 
he could enjoy his ejaculation to the fullest.
     With a distant sounding whimper Marilyn let the hotly twitching shaft 
of Peter's cock slip from her lips and raised her head, gazing hungrily up 
the length of his body at his lust-strained face.
     "I want you to cum in my mouth, Peter, I want you to cum in my 
mouth."
     That did it.  Peter could hardly believe his ears, but the prospect 
of actually coming in his aunt's mouth was more than he could resist.  
With a loud gasp he thrust the throbbing rigidity of his cock violently 
back up between her full red lips, groaning and grunting in complete 
abandon, as he released his restraints, further increasing the lewd 
fucking movements of his fingers into her moistly seeping pussy as he felt 
the dam give way in his throbbing testicles.
     An instant later Marilyn felt the first warm drop of Peter's fresh-
tasting sperm come spewing obscenely into her mouth.  She gulped, her 
Adam's apple bobbing in rapid rhythm as she swallowed to keep from 
choking.
     At almost the same instant the first distant waves began far up 
inside her own loins and sensing what was happening, Peter thrust his 
middle finger even more swiftly in and out of her pulsating cuntal depths 
as the shocking waves of orgasm began to pour through her body.  His own 
buttocks continued their wild lunging as her tongue twirled maddeningly 
around his twitching young cock-head, gurgling sounds continued to pour 
wantonly from her throat as she swallowed the ceaselessly spurting 
droplets.
     At last, with an exhausted sigh, Peter sank his buttocks down onto 
the couch.  His aunt closed her eyes, her body squirming for a few moments 
longer as her orgasm played itself through her satiated body.
     The young widow was slowly beginning to come to her senses, it was 
almost as if the exhaustion of the sexual endeavor had torn the last 
remnants of the hashish from her body and everything was beginning to come 
back to it's former sharp reality.
     "I liked it, I really liked it," gasped Peter excitedly, looking down 
at his deflating penis, its glistening shaft still seeping cum from it's 
throbbing head.
     "I know darting, but we must never do it again," said Marilyn 
seriously, realizing now fully the enormous responsibility she had taken 
on, showing this kind of release to her nephew.  What if he should tell 
his friends, or worse than that, her brother-in-law.  How could she ever 
explain her outrageous behavior.
     Peter was silent, he knew that his aunt meant what she was saying now 
but he knew that it wouldn't be the last time for either of them.  
Unbeknown to her he had a little tape-recorder stashed in his pocket and 
if all had gone according to plan he had recorded their entire fucking 
session, it would prove to be a good piece of blackmail for future 
sessions, besides he wanted to let Seth Roberts hear it, he would never 
believe him that he had had his cock sucked by his aunt unless he heard 
the tape.
     "I promise I won't tell anyone Auntie," the boy said innocently, 
knowing full well that the tape would do the talking for him.
     "Good darling, it's better this way, believe me.  I'm glad I helped 
you out, though.  Now you'd better run along before your father wonders 
where you are . . . and Peter . . . thank you for the brownies!"



Chapter 4

     The sun was setting as Ronnie Goodge pulled his car into the driveway 
of his house; he came home, as he left, thinking of his sister-in-law 
Marilyn, he just hadn't been able to get her out of his mind all day long.  
In fact, he hadn't really been able to get her out of his mind since she 
had called him about the incident with his son Peter.
     The more he thought about it, the more the attractive forty-year old 
man realized that his sister-in-law was horny, and like a good Samaritan, 
lie had decided that he would be the one to give the release to her she so 
obviously needed.  Her story didn't quite coincide with his sons and after 
having put two and two together he had realized that of course, Marilyn 
had stood for a while peeping through the door at the youngsters.  That 
only meant one thing in Ronnie's mind and that was that the beautiful 
widow was horny.
     Ronnie had thought that before but this time, for some reason, he 
decided that it was time he acted on it.  Besides which he was tired of 
lusting after his beautiful sister-in-law and getting nowhere with her and 
he had never really tried to fuck her, perhaps that was what she had been 
waiting for all these months!  He would wait until Peter was sleeping and 
then slip over to her house on the pretext of thanking her properly for 
his birthday present, better yet, he would ask her to share a bottle of 
champagne with him to belatedly celebrate his birthday!

*    *    *

     Marilyn Goodge was practically glowing today, she felt so relaxed and 
peaceful and she knew it was from the wonderful release that her young 
nephew had given her.  Too bad he's so young, she had thought wickedly to 
herself later on that evening, we could have a wonderful affair together.
     It really did not occur to the beautiful woman that she had done 
anything really wrong by allowing the boy to touch her, and if it did, she 
didn't admit to it.
     Even now she could still feel her nephew's delicious boy cock in her 
mouth and her body, all day long, had been tingling from the wanton 
sensations that had coursed up and down it.  The only thing that really 
worried her, however, was the fact that her body was still craving 
release; instead of satisfying her for a while, her nephew's sexual 
encounter had turned her on so much that she now wanted more of him.  But 
she knew she couldn't do that, it was too dangerous and sooner or later 
someone would find out and she couldn't even think of what that would 
mean!
     Marilyn picked up her scotch and soda and flicked the television on, 
determined to spend a lazy evening, relaxing and thinking of Peter.
     She had been relaxing for only about ten minutes when she heard a 
knock at her back door followed by her brother-in-law's familiar voice 
calling her name, "Hello, Marilyn, are you home?"
     Marilyn started, oh no . . . oh God! he's found out . . . was her 
first thought but then she dismissed it, realizing that his voice sounded 
quite friendly.  She knew if Ronnie ever found out that she had sucked his 
son's cock he would probably kill her!
     "Come in Ronnie," she called out.
     "Thought I'd bring this bottle of champagne over for us to celebrate 
my birthday, that is, if you don't have anything else to do," Ronnie added 
quickly, noticing how lovely his sister-in-law looked this evening.
Especially lovely, all soft and dewy and very sexy.
     "Oh, I'd love it Ronnie, take a seat, I'll get some glasses," the 
young widow said, relieved that her brother-in-law seemed his usual happy 
self.
     Ronnie watched his sister-in-law rise from the couch, taking note 
with satisfaction of her rounded buttocks and swelling breasts.  She's one 
hell of a woman, he thought to himself, boy, I'd like to get into her 
pants tonight, in fact, I'm going to get into them, if it's the last thing 
I do!
     Marilyn came back with the glasses and straightening out her dress in 
an effort to appear decent for her attractive brother-in-law.  Ronnie 
popped the champagne, he didn't know what was different about Marilyn 
tonight, but something was, something was definitely different about her . 
. . she was even more appealing than ever!
     The two of them sat and drank the champagne, Ronnie making sure, 
without letting Marilyn realize what he was doing, to give her much more 
alcohol than he was drinking himself.  Which only added to the already 
raging fires in Marilyn's body from the glasses of scotch she had drunk 
earlier and suddenly she began to realize that it perhaps wasn't such a 
good thing to mix scotch and champagne together!
     "You look gorgeous tonight Marilyn, I mean you always look beautiful 
but tonight, well, I don't know what it is, but you took ravishing."
     Marilyn blushed to the roots of her black hair, realizing that 
Ronnie's son had a lot to do with the way she looked to him . . . it was 
true, she knew it   . . she did look radiant!  But she wasn't prepared for 
her brother-in-law's next remark . . .  "You watched the kids for a while 
the other day, didn't you Marilyn?"
     "W-what are you talking about, Ronnie?
     "You know what I'm talking about Marilyn, you saw Jenny with her 
sweater up and her breasts exposed but all three of the children say when 
you walked into the room Jenny's sweater was down.  That leads me to only 
one conclusion you were peeping and that information leads me to another 
thought . . . Marilyn dear, you're lonely and horny, aren't you?"
     Her brother-in-law sounded so tender and gentle that Marilyn found 
herself sobbing uncontrollably on his shoulder within seconds.  She had no 
idea what came over her other than this gave her the excuse to release all 
the pent-up emotions that she had been holding back.
     "I don't know what to say," she exclaimed after a while, looking at 
her handsome brother-in-law through tear-stained eyes.
     "There's nothing for you to say Marilyn, dear," the older man said 
solicitously now, drawing her voluptuous body into his gently, feeling her 
breasts and nipples pressing against his chest and feeling his cock begin 
to slowly rise to its manly proportions inside his pants.  "You've been 
through a lot since Walt's death, and you're a very beautiful woman 
Marilyn, believe me, a very beautiful woman.  A woman that any man would 
be proud to call his wife."
     'That was just too much for the beautiful widow and once again she 
started to sob, allowing herself to be pressed closely to her brother-in-
law's body in a way that site never usually allowed him to touch her.  
"There, there," he said softly.
     Marilyn had lost all control now, she realized fully now that she had 
corrupted an innocent boy and her own nephew at that, and he had come to 
her with a simple request for knowledge.  What had she given him but the 
wicked sinful knowledge of the Garden of Eden, she had not only tempted 
him with the apple, she had allowed him to eat it!  She was a wicked 
woman, there was no doubt about it now in her mind . . . she was sinful!
     "Don't worry about it now, honey," moaned Ronnie Goodge softly, 
running his fingers lightly up and down her spine, "I probably would have 
watched too, Jenny Phillips is a well-developed girl, I bet she's got 
beautiful breasts."
     "Ronnie!" gasped Marilyn.  "How could you say such a thing."
     "It's the truth, that's all Marilyn."
     Another racking convulsion passed through the alcohol confused body 
of the young widow, then suddenly she stiffened as she felt her brother-
in-law's hand moving down over the flaring ripeness of her buttocks to 
seize one of her smoothly rounded ass-cheeks and pull her loins up tightly 
against his own.  She drew back her head, staring through her tear-filled 
eyes in horror as she felt the throbbing erection in his pants pressing 
lewdly right up against the warmth and softness of her thinly clad body.
     "It's all right, I understand everything," Ronnie soothed, hardly 
able to conceal the hungry glint in his eyes.
     Suddenly Marilyn realized that her brother-in-law was now acting in a 
more than fatherly way toward her and she tried to squirm away from him, 
but he was holding her too tightly in his strong, muscular arms.
     Suddenly Marilyn realized the intent of her brother-in-law, "You 
bastard," she cried, "let go!"  She was in a panic, her brother-in-law had 
made many passes at her but he had never come on this way, did he know 
about Peter . . . now she was confused, she didn't know what to think!  
Yet she couldn't deny the tiny wisps of sexual excitement that had already 
begun to course through her flesh in response to the lewd caress of her 
buttocks and the titillating prodding of the hardness of Ronnie's swollen 
cock right up between her soft vulnerable thighs.
     Then a low moan rose in Marilyn's throat as Ronnie leaned down and 
kissed her hard on the lips.  His tongue worming hungrily into her mouth 
as his hands kneaded and massaged her helplessly squirming ass-cheeks, 
drawing her quivering loins even more tightly up against the bulge in the 
crotch of his pants.
     Marilyn felt compelled to resist, but her heart wasn't in it.  She'd 
been through too much over the past several days and her defenses were 
crumbling.  She needed a cock inside her cunt, a real live palpitating rod 
of lust-hardened male flesh up inside her--but filling her like she'd 
never been filled in her life.  And she needed it now, even if it did have 
to belong to her brother-in-law, and in spite of all her will to struggle 
and resist, the young widow could hardly move as Ronnie suddenly began to 
work her dress apart, pushing it off her shoulders to expose the wantonly 
swollen nakedness of her breasts.
     Marilyn gave out a low sob, a shudder coursing through her loins as 
Ronnie pushed the dress completely down off her shoulders to expose the 
whole upper half of her body, glistening from the oils she had used on 
herself earlier in the evening after her evening shower.  She gazed 
through narrowed eyes down at the naked beauty of her own ripely 
upstanding breasts, her breathing hastening as she felt the contact of the 
air on her already rigidly tingling nipple.  Then she moaned softly as he 
pulled the sash which held the dress together in front, letting it fall 
open to completely reveal her smooth flat belly and the little triangle of 
black hair nestled teasingly up between her milk-white inner things.
     Ronnie whistled softly, he could hardly believe his luck, she wasn't 
wearing any panties at all!  He dreamed many times of how his sister-in-
law would look naked but he'd never thought that he would see her body, 
and now it was happening so fast that he could hardly believe it.
     The goggling man stared eagerly at his sister-in-law's naked body, 
relishing the lewd revelation of her forbidden flesh.  Then slowly he 
dropped his hand to her slender waist, half turning to give him an even 
better view of the enticingly rounded half-moons of her buttocks.
     "Can we go in the bedroom," he asked quietly.
     Marilyn nodded mutely, hardly realizing what she was doing, she 
walked, naked and defenseless before his lascivious gaze, ahead of her 
brother-in-law into her bedroom.
     Marilyn turned, her body trembling, watching now with fearful 
anticipation as her brother-in-law began o eagerly strip off his own 
clothing, a little nostalgic quiver darting through her loins as he pulled 
off his shirt to reveal his hairy, muscular torso.  He kicked his shoes 
off, then in a quick motion pulled down his pants and jockey shorts at the 
same time.
     The young widow gasped in surprise as the thickly pulsing shaft of 
his penis loomed up suddenly in complete and threatening erection, the 
huge bulbous head swollen with blood and throbbing almost visibly.  She 
watched as he grinned and flexed his loins so that the giant rod of flesh 
bobbed up and down in a lewd springing motion.
     "Like that?" he asked with a leer.
     Marilyn bit her lip, unable to take her eyes off the massively 
pulsing cock, unable to prevent the mental comparison between it and 
Peter's smooth slender hardness which she had taken without any effort 
into her mouth.  But his father's penis would choke her to death if she 
tried that.  She didn't think she'd ever seen a penis this big, and she 
didn't see how a woman--any woman--could take that thing up inside her 
vagina.  Yet in spite of her fear, the young widow found herself turning 
that idea over and over in her mind with a strange fascination.
     Then Marilyn's body stiffened again as Ronnie stepped forward and 
pushed her firmly down onto her back on the bed atop the spread.  She 
moaned deeply, her breath coming in strained and hastened sobs as she 
gazed up through watering eyes at her handsome brother-in-law.  From this 
angle the awesome size of his lustfully throbbing cock was even more 
exaggerated, but in spite of her fear Marilyn knew it was too late to 
resist.  She couldn't have even if she'd wanted to, and now she was past 
even that, past worrying about fear.  She had to have it, even if it hurt 
her.  She had to have that pulsating hardness all the way up inside her, 
violating and stretching the forbidden tightness of her pussy until she 
could hardly stand it, until she finally achieved some real satisfaction 
and relief from her outrageous lust.
     She lifted her eyes again from the massively throbbing shaft of flesh 
and back to the grinning face of her brother-in-law.  She knew he was 
playing with her, mocking her, yet now she made no attempt to hide the 
supplication in her gaze.  Because even as she lay in helpless surrender 
before him, she couldn't quite get his son out of her mind--or for that 
matter the other boy who'd been feeling up Jenny Phillips.  And in spite 
of all his gloating triumph, she could still derive her own silent 
satisfaction from the fact that she was using him, using his body, for an 
end all of her own that had nothing to do with him.
     Then, that secret buried deeply in her mind, Marilyn closed her eyes 
as her brother-in-law got up on the bed beside her.  Quivering half in 
fear and half in anticipation, she spread her legs in complete surrender 
as his hand dropped to the warm naked flesh of her belly, and trailed 
lightly through the sparse black curls of her cunt and down into the moist 
forbidden softness between her thighs.  A wanton little shiver coursed out 
through her wide-splayed loins.  Then she thrust her buttocks up in a 
sudden violent motion at the first contact of his fingers on the already 
wetly glistening little bud of her clitoris.
     "Oh.  Ohhhh, yes!" Marilyn whimpered as Ronnie's fingers trailed 
lower down the softly hair-lined lips of her pussy, the teasing contact 
made almost unbearable by her already heightened sensitivity.
     'Jesus,' Ronnie thought.  He'd never seen anything like this in his 
life.  He'd barely even touched his sister-in-law and already she was 
going out of her mind.  Then, grinning in even lewder triumph, Ronnie 
parted the flanged lips of her tight little cunt, his middle finger 
probing experimentally just at the entrance of the softly resisting flesh 
to prompt further excited quivers of her body before with more determined 
effort he shoved forward, driving the full length of his finger swiftly 
and relentlessly up into her trembling vaginal tightness.
     Marilyn's body twitched and quivered as the lewd spasms of delight 
surged wildly through her loins.  Then, groaning even louder from her 
obscenely aroused passion, she wrapped her hands around Ronnie's body, 
tugging him down urgently on top of her.
     Ronnie levered up, his finger now moving swiftly in and out of 
Marilyn's warm cuntal opening, gazing down in total lewd triumph at the 
voluptuously squirming female beneath him.
     Then gradually he slacked off the thrusting movements of his middle 
finger, using his own legs to spread Marilyn's quivering thighs even wider 
apart to completely expose her helpless loins to his view.  Using both 
hands, he parted her hair-lined pussy-lips, then inched slowly forward, 
prodding his desire-engorged cock farther up between her thighs, and 
dropped lower and lower until the bulbously pounding head was thrust right 
up into the moistened slit of her cunt.
     Marilyn turned her head to one side on the pillow, closing her eyes 
with another shudder of mingled fear and anticipation as she felt the 
lust-stimulating contact against her sensitive moistened lips of her 
pussy.  She held her breath for what seemed an eternity, lying perfectly 
still in utter subjugation beneath her brother-in-law as she anticipated 
the searing entry. into her tenderly yielding loins.  Then she gasped as 
she felt the first hard pressure against the warm little opening of her 
vagina, her body trembling as just the huge blood-filled tip slipped into 
her.  An involuntary cry rose in her throat and she tried to screw her 
buttocks down into the mattress in retreat.  But Ronnie only shoved harder 
up between her tensing thighs, the throbbing shaft of his cock worming 
mercilessly into her burning pussy tightness.  Gradually her cry of 
protest faded, evolving smoothly to a soft beseeching moan as Marilyn's 
heated vaginal secretions began to flow more freely and the pulsating 
cock-head inched slowly deeper into her throbbing cuntal softness,
     "Oh!" she gasped as Ronnie gave a little twitch that sent an even 
wilder shudder running through her body.  "Oh God!"
     She trembled and quivered in continued fear and want as her brother-
in-law held himself poised above her for a moment longer.  Then she spewed 
out her breath in a low, guttural sigh as his weight sagged downward and 
the lust-thickened rod of cock-flesh lunged ruthlessly into the soft wet 
warmth of her cunt, pushing aside her slightly resisting cunt walls until 
suddenly it was embedded in her belly up to the hilt.
     "Oh yes!  Oh yes!" Marilyn sobbed again.  She'd never been fucked so 
deep in all her life.  Ronnie's cock lay sunk far up into her belly, 
fitting so tightly against the softness of her cunt walls that she thought 
she could feel every tiny ridge and ripple of the heavily throbbing shaft.  
Then suddenly she felt another throb deep up inside her vagina as Ronnie 
flexed to surge the violating rod of his flesh even farther up into her 
sensitive cuntal depths.
     From the look in Marilyn's eyes, Ronnie sensed she'd lost her last 
inclination to resist.  Again clamping his mouth tightly over hers and 
worming his tongue hungrily between her parting lips, he began a slow 
rocking motion in the saddle of her thighs.  He could feel the narrow 
tightness of her cunt begin to give way, seeming to stretch and widen with 
each smooth inward stroke as she groaned and whimpered beneath him on the 
bed.  He knew it wouldn't take long to make her cum she'd been on the 
verge of it the moment they'd actually begun to fuck.  But he wanted to 
stretch it out as long as he could, and when she did attain that coveted 
orgasm Ronnie wanted her to know she'd really been tucked.
     Marilyn's body was reacting now beyond all her conscious control.  
The sheer ecstasy of having her hungering vagina so ruthlessly stretched 
and violated was driving her out of her mind, and her whole body had begun 
to jerk and writhe without inhibition beneath the body of her brother-in-
law.  Little chills of intense arousal went running along her spine from 
the deep skewering of Ronnie's cock into her helpless loins.  Her face was 
contorted with unfulfilled desire, a light perspiration breaking out on 
her forehead beneath her disheveled black hair, down onto the stiffened 
nipples of her ripely passionate and servile acceptance poured in torrents 
from her throat.
     Ronnie basked in his own triumph, hardly even believing his 
voluptuous sister-in-law's unrestrained response to his obscene attack.  
Increasing the length of his cunt-plumbing strokes, he dropped his hands 
down from beneath the nakedly upturned half-moons of her buttocks, 
grasping the milk-white mounds with his fingers to pull her loins even 
more tightly to his own, guiding the wanton thrashings of her body as he 
rammed the full hard length of his cock again and again into the most 
sensitively responding depths of her pussy.
     Marilyn's legs scissored wide in uncontrollable abandon on either 
side of Ronnie's impaling rod of flesh.  Her eyes were closed, her thighs 
jackknifed backwards with her knees crushed down onto the stiffened 
nipples of her ripely quivering breasts as Ronnie tucked harder and harder 
into the voracious mouth of her loins.  He pounded into her widespread 
pussy with such violent strokes that she could feet the teasing slap of 
his balls into the crack between her buttocks each time his body struck 
hers.
     Reality was fading.  She was drifting in a nether world of untamed 
ecstasy and bliss, aware of nothing but the shattering inward fucks 
against her helplessly quivering flesh, the heavy cock-shaft impaling her 
to the hilt on its lewdly pulsing rigidity.
     "Oh yes!" she moaned, "Fuck me!  Fuck me!"  Her body was tossing and 
thrashing in complete abandon, every inch of her flesh burning in 
anticipation of the lewd release that now seemed to be almost upon her.  
She strained and shuddered, tossing her head from side to side on the 
pillow to whip her long black hair wildly about her shoulders.  Again she 
remembered her shocking episode with Peter, and even as his father 
continued to fuck ruthlessly into the unresisting tightness of her vagina, 
she could almost feel the way the eager young boy had fucked into her 
mouth as he'd felt his own orgasm building and anticipated his obscene 
ejaculation into her greedily swallowing throat.
     Then suddenly Ronnie slammed into her with an even mightier stroke 
and even that sordid vision faded from her mind as she felt the deep and 
distant rumbling begin somewhere far away up inside her quaking belly.  
She bucked and twisted her body, quivering beneath him in a desperate 
frenzy of passion.  Locking her ankles high up behind Ronnie's laboring 
shoulders, she clung tightly to his sides with her quivering inner thighs, 
holding the lust-bloated shaft of his massive cock deep inside her 
hungrily clasping loins.
     Ronnie trembled above her, looking down in unconcealed triumph as he 
saw the incipient orgasm mirrored in her face.  He gasped into the warm 
wetness of her mouth as he felt his own hot load of cum surging up 
relentlessly in his balls.  Then with a deep grunt, he began to fuck again 
in even harder, more racking strokes as he felt himself explode deep 
inside her, shooting his boiling sperm deep up into the welcoming depths 
of her wildly pulsating pussy-flesh.
     A rhythmic stream of moans and whimpers issued from Marilyn's full 
red lips as she felt Ronnie's final burst of furious and insane energy, as 
she felt the wanton spasms deep up in her own loins blot everything out of 
her mind but the white-hot light of blinding release.  She grunted and 
groaned, straining in her own wanton response until her whole naked body 
was coated with the perspiration of her effort.  She continued to toss and 
struggle until she was drained of every ounce of energy, until she could 
feel Ronnie's strokes slacking off, the surging rod of his penis gradually 
beginning to deflate inside her.
     Marilyn closed her eyes, dropping her thighs back down and letting 
her buttocks sink into the softness of the bed as she felt her brother-in-
law's body sag down on top of her, then she gave an exhausted whimper as 
he withdrew and rolled over onto his back, reaching up with one hand so 
lightly to stroke the still swollen mound of her breasts.
     "Mmmmmmmmm," she purred softly, her eyes still closed, her breathing 
still strained and irregular.  She felt strange though, even though she 
was satisfied, she had never meant to make love with her brother-in-law, 
but somehow the floodgates of her passion had been opened and now there 
was no holding back . . . she needed a man in her life, a man, a boy, it 
didn't matter, but she knew that she needed to feel the completion inside 
her of a man's cock buried deep up into her belly . . . it made her feel 
whole, female, all woman.  She could no longer ignore the fact that she 
was a woman and she had needs in the world that only a man could satisfy.  
Had she stepped into a role that she wouldn't be able to control, that 
would eventually control her and take over her life, demanding to be fed 
like the Cretan monster in the labyrinth . . . had she begun something 
with her brother-in-law Ronnie that would be impossible to terminate . . . 
not only Ronnie but his son!
     She turned now and looked at her handsome brother-in-law, smiling at 
him as he leaned over to caress her.  He was so gentle and manly, she 
couldn't help but surrender herself to him . . . but where was it all 
going to end?



Chapter 5

     Peter Goodge had only meant to let his friend Seth Roberts listen to 
the tape of his wild session with his aunt, but somehow his big mouth had 
gotten the better of him and he had found himself boasting to Josh 
Harding.
     Josh was thirteen and very much Peter's superior and in a way Peter 
was afraid of Josh.  It was a kind of one-upmanship that caused him to 
suddenly blurt out his secret to his older friend and after that, Josh 
made his life a misery until he had actually revealed the tape to him.
     Now as the three boys sat in the den of Peter's house they were 
cooking up a scheme to get them all in on his aunt's lascivious carryings-
on . . . neither Seth nor Josh would besatisfied, they told Peter 
emphatically, until they too had had a piece of Marilyn Goodge's ass.
     Peter knew that it was up to him to forge the way for his friends, it 
made him feel very important to have something that Josh Harding wanted . 
. . how could he deny the older boy when he had allowed him into his small 
intimate circle of friends . . . and besides which, he himself could 
hardly wait to have another taste of his delicious aunt, just the thought 
of her fabulous body and moist pussy made him shiver all over . . . he 
hoped that the next time he was with her, she would let him fuck her.  He 
hadn't been able to think of anything else for days!

*    *    *

     Marilyn was disturbed to see her young nephew coming up the pathway 
to her house.  She had hoped that he would stay away for a few days but 
she knew in her heart that she was secretly longing to see him.  How would 
she handle this situation, she knew that she shouldn't give herself to him 
again, it was just too dangerous.
     "No Peter, I can't, it's just too dangerous," she said firmly to her 
eleven year old nephew as he pleaded with her to allow him to fuck her.
     "But why, auntie, why, you loved it the other day you know you did."
     "I know, I know Peter, but it's just too dangerous," Marilyn said, a 
little scared that she was going to relent herself before too long.
     Peter Goodge was depressed, he knew for sure that his aunt wanted him 
to fuck her but it seemed now that she wasn't going to allow her true 
feelings to emerge, she was scared . . . really scared.  Then he thought 
of his friends and how he had promised . . . nay, boasted to them that he 
would get them a part of the action and he knew that he would have to 
succeed, otherwise he would just look like a total asshole in their eyes.
     The young boy sized up the situation, his aunt would never verbally 
agree to it but if he made his move swiftly enough, maybe she would get 
caught up in the ecstasy of his kiss and his body and not be able to 
resist.  What could he lose, it was his last chance and he had to do it.  
Without another thought, the young boy made his move!
     Marilyn watched, her eyes widening in amazement as her young nephew 
stepped toward her, she tried to move away from him but he was too swift  
and before she could do anything about it he had grasped one of her 
breasts in his hand and was fondling it gently.  A soft whimper arose from 
her throat as his hand touched her nervously palpitating breasts, pressing 
the constricting brassiere cup hard against the swollen mound, the 
pressure and friction causing the nipple to prickle to an instant tingling 
rigidity.
     Marilyn heaved a deep sigh, her legs almost going weak, as Peter 
moved closer to her.  Then she closed her eyes as he bounced onto his 
tiptoes and crushed his mouth eagerly onto her parted lips, his tongue 
flicking wetly inward as his hand continued to knead and massage her 
breasts.
     Marilyn fought with all her strength against the electric sensations 
coursing through her flesh.  She squirmed and writhed as Peter pressed his 
body more tightly against hers, the shocking pressure of his thighs and 
the tender erection already swelling in his pants and pushing right up 
against the softness of her loins only further stimulating the young 
widow's wantonly growing need, making resistance even more difficult.  She 
couldn't help herself.  She wanted this young boy so badly she thought she 
would die if she couldn't have him.  Her body cried out in desperation, 
her will to resist was failing fast.
     Then with a shiver, she squirmed out of Peter's arms.  She glared at 
the panting youngster in mingled shock and want, her own eyes wild with 
the fury of her consuming lust.
     Peter gasped to catch his breath, looking back at her pleadingly.  
"Please, Auntie, please!"
     "No, Peter.  No!  You must stay away from me!"
     He hesitated an instant longer, then started forward again.  Marilyn 
took two more steps backwards, her movements taking on a peculiar trapped 
animal quality.  She knew only a few more moments of the stimulating 
physical contact with her young nephew would be all she would need to be 
lost.  She wouldn't even want to resist, so now, at all costs, she had to 
avoid him until she could begin to regain her self-control.
     Then a little scream of surprise issued from her throat as she backed 
against the end of the couch, the armrest catching her just at the back of 
her knees.  She swayed, trying to regain her balance, for a moment, then 
with another soft moan fell backwards onto the couch, landing in a 
reclining position, her knees still hooked over the armrest, her thighs 
invitingly parted.
     Peter saw his opportunity, and the whole mad scheme flashed clearly 
in his mind, as if during that brief instant it had all played out in slow 
motion.  It was the craziest idea he'd ever had in his life, but now he 
knew he had to do something far out.
     The young boy had heard his friends talking about eating pussy, but 
he'd never believed anyone could seriously think of doing such a thing.  
And by the same token, until the other day he'd never believed women 
sucked men off.  But his aunt had done it for him, and he had really liked 
it.  And it only stood to reason she'd like having her pussy licked just 
as much.
     His own excitement and curiosity rising by leaps and bounds, the 
eager boy moved with further contemplation.
     Marilyn could hardly believe her eyes as Peter suddenly dropped to 
his knees at the end of the couch.  She was in an awkward position with 
her thighs resting on the armrest and her legs dangling off at the knees, 
and she wasn't able to move to protect herself in time.  The boy's hands
caught her inner thighs just above the knees, holding her legs wide apart 
in spite of her attempts to close them.  Then, as Marilyn stared down in 
helpless shock, the young boy leaned forward, sticking his head right up 
under her skirt between the warmth of her straining thighs.  She gave out 
with a soft whimper, ceasing her struggles from the sheer paralyzing 
shock, as she felt her nephew's nose nudging her panties right over the 
already softly pulsing mound of her pussy.
     Peter had never felt so strange in his life.  His head and face were 
completely buried up under his aunt's skirt, right between her softly 
perspiring thighs, which he still had to hold firmly apart with both 
hands.  It was dark and warm, there was not too much air, and he could 
smell the strangest, yet somehow most tempting aroma he'd ever encountered 
in his life.  And even in the dim light, he could just distinguish the 
shadowy looking black hair of her cunt, peeking out on either side of her 
panty crotchband, right before his face.
     "Peter," Marilyn gasped, again beginning to twist and struggle as she 
realized the young boy's truly lewd and shocking intentions.  "Peter, 
please!  Let me go!"
     Peter knew he had no choice but to go through with his desperate 
scheme.  His aunt was right at the turning point now, and if just for one 
minute he could get his lips on her pussy, he knew he would be assured of 
success.  In spite of his own keenly rising excitement at the prospect of 
the perverted act he was about to perform, there was a part of his young 
mind that continued to function lucidly.  And he realized, with a 
curiously titillating sense of self-sacrifice, that the idea was even 
better than he'd originally thought.  If he ate his aunt without actually 
bringing her to a climax, without going ahead and fucking her as he'd 
originally intended, then she would never be able to refuse Seth and Josh 
when they arrived.  She would be too far gone to resist, or even to 
protest.  His friends would get what they wanted, it was all too perfect!
     And maybe, just maybe, after they were through she would still let me 
fuck her.
     Even more determined, Peter shoved his face farther up between his 
aunt's urgently scissoring thighs.  There was only one thing standing in 
his way of success right now, his aunt's flimsily clinging panties, and as 
Peter's hands were still occupied in holding her struggling thighs apart, 
he could think of only one way to get them off.
     Marilyn gasped, her buttocks trembling from the sheer excitement and 
tantalizing frustration of having Peter's head completely buried up under 
her skirt between her quivering thighs.  Then a little shiver passed 
through her wantonly moistening loins as she lifted her head up off the 
couch pillow to stare down the length of her body with even greater 
incredulity as she felt her nephew's tongue flick in a searing path up the 
tautly straining tendon of one of her inner thighs.  She gasped then as 
his teeth took hold of the tight elastic legband of her panties and with a 
dog-like motion of his head he began to jerk and pull them downwards.
     Peter could hardly get his breath.  His head and face were completely 
shrouded by his aunt's skirt, and now in spite of his manual resistance, 
her thighs were clamped tightly about his ears.  And taking off her 
panties with his mouth was like trying to thread a needle in the dark.
     With a final effort, the excited boy managed to lower his aunt's 
panties several inches farther.  Then he ducked his head under them, 
running his nose right along the crack between her defenselessly clenching 
buttocks, and again bobbed his face up into the fragrant smelling softness 
of her loins.  Now completely pinned there between her thighs, with the 
panties that were stretched tight above her knees pulled taut across the 
back of his neck to hold his face in position, Peter began.
     Marilyn's whole anxiously quivering body tensed at the first 
titillating contact of Peter's lips and tongue darting down onto the 
tingling bud of her clitoris.
     "Ooooooooooh!" she gasped from the sudden electric contact, a shudder 
darting out from her moistening loins, strained and desperate moans 
pouring from her throat as she ceased her struggles.  Between her thighs, 
Peter licked his own lips and groaned inwardly as he whipped his tongue 
cautiously from his mouth, then trailed it in a slowly licking wipe down 
the full length of his aunt's wildly throbbing cuntal slit.
     "Oh, yes!  Yes!" she moaned, hardly able to believe the lust-inciting 
sensations that were surging out from her naked loins to every part of her 
helplessly tormented body.  Peter's tongue, probing gently now up into the 
softness of her cunt, felt like nothing she'd ever experienced in her 
life, and the limber wetness of it was a direct contrast to everything she 
was accustomed to feeling when she was touched by a man.  She held her 
nephew's head tightly between her warmly clasping inner thighs, then, a 
more distant-sounding moan rising in her throat, she jerked her skirt up 
and began to push the young boy back from between her thighs.
     "Yes Peter darling, you can fuck me, you can fuck me now . . . I want 
you to fuck me darling, please," she groaned, and then her mouth dropped 
wide open as the sounds of footsteps reached her ears and she looked 
directly into the faces of her nephew's friends Seth Roberts and Josh 
Harding, realizing immediately that she had been set up for something far 
beyond anything she had control of.  How long had the boys been watching 
her, how long . . . but then what did it matter, obviously they were here 
for one thing and one thing only . . . a piece of the action . . . a piece 
of her ass!

*    *    *

     Marilyn Goodage was in a state of shock, she was now embroiled in 
something far beyond her understanding, far beyond the limits of her mind.  
Had her first lewd encounter with her nephew brought all this upon her, 
how had she allowed herself to sink so far down in to the mire . . . and 
how was she going to extract herself . . . and for that matter, did she 
want to.
     She was more than aware of the fact that from the first moment she 
had seen the two boys stealthily creeping into her living room, obscene 
thrilling sensations of lust had begun to erupt in her body.  In the most 
secret depths of herself she had always wanted to be part of an orgy, to 
be fucked by several men at once . . . now it seemed she was on the verge 
of giving herself to three boys at once, boys or men, what did it matter, 
her body was crying out to be tucked, to be sucked and to be taken by 
force if necessary, so great was her need for satisfaction and. 
stimulation . . . so long had she gone without love . . . without the feel 
of a man's cock inside her body . . . so very long!
     "My God! just look at her," gasped Seth Roberts, his eyes almost 
popping out of his head with lust and desire.
     "I'm looking man, I'm looking," moaned Josh Harding, his cock already 
throbbing insistently in his jeans.  "Come on man, she's hot, let's both 
fuck her at once."
     A quiver went through Marilyn's prone body.  She shook her head 
feebly from side to side, trying to mouth an objection, but the words 
wouldn't come to her lips.  She waited, silent, watching with wildly 
lustful eyes as the two youngsters began hurriedly to strip.  Then when 
they were both standing completely naked, she had what must have been her 
last rational thought of the entire obscene ordeal, "Lock the door," she 
urged in a quivering voice.
     The wanton woman had made a fast decision, they were there, she knew 
what they wanted, and she was prepared to give it to them, she might never 
have such an opportunity again the rest of her life and she couldn't turn 
it down.
     "Come on baby, get undressed," Josh Harding said to her in an 
alarmingly mature voice.
     "How are we going to fuck her at once," young Seth asked in a 
quavering voice.
     Marilyn quickly stripped off her clothes as if she were hypnotized, 
nothing seemed quite real to her.
     "Get down on the floor Mrs. Goodge," urged Josh.
     Suddenly she glanced at her nephew Peter and she saw a disappointed 
look on his face, of course, he was upset he had been in the middle of 
sucking her pussy when the boys had walked in, she would have to make it 
up to him in some way, after the boys had gone she would make it up to 
him.
     Trembling all over her lascivious body, the older woman got down on 
the floor, her whole voluptuously naked body trembling with the soft 
spasms of excitement coursing through her wantonly lust-tortured loins.
     "Let's fuck her dog fashion," urged Josh.  "Seth you get behind her, 
I'll be in front doing it in her mouth."
     Marilyn let her body go limp now in submission, she heard the boys' 
heavy breathing, felt them take their positions, Josh in front to fuck her 
in the mouth, Seth behind to take her in the humiliating "dog fashion" 
position.  Another little spasm shot through her sensuously prostrated 
body as she felt Josh place his hands on either side of her face, pulling 
her forward toward his loins as he knelt in front of her.
     "Open your mouth," he whispered, squirming his loins forward to press 
the hotly swollen head of his rigid cock right up against Marilyn's 
sensuous red lips.
     Once more, just as if she was so lost in her frenzy and excitement 
that she had no mind or will of her own, Marilyn complied, opening her 
mouth wide, taking the lustfully twitching young cock-head without protest 
between her lips.  Then her body tensed, as, at almost the same time, Seth 
leaned forward from behind, thrusting his palpitating penis right up 
between her trembling thighs to find heated contact with her already 
lewdly moistened cunt lips.  Quivering in excited anticipation, Marilyn 
sucked her breath in deeply as the eager youngster lunged forward, his 
boyish member burrowing its way easily up into the defenseless softness of 
her wantonly yielding pussy flesh, slipping deeper and deeper into her 
cunt until his loins smacked up against her ripely proffered buttocks.
     From in front of her, Josh shoved eagerly forward, a lusty groan 
rising in his throat as he pushed his pulsating cock-shaft deeper between 
her obscenely ovalled lips, all the way up along the length of her tongue 
until it was embedded in full erection far in the back of her throat.
     Marilyn's body shivered from the shattering dual penetration.  Her 
mouth was completely filled by the lewdly throbbing rod of Josh's cock, 
and from behind Seth's pulsing shaft of flesh was buried to the hilt in 
her already wantonly flowering loins.  She'd never felt so ashamed and 
humiliated in her life.  Kneeling between the two boys who were obscenely 
and thoughtlessly violating her defenseless flesh, she felt herself a 
picture of depravity, and she was helpless to resist, even if she had 
wanted to.
     Then Marilyn moaned as the two boys simultaneously began to move, and 
almost instantly she forgot her shame and responded with a sensuous 
writhing of her own body.  Wilder spasms of lust and passion darted out 
over her naked flesh as Seth slipped his hands around her waist, pulling 
her upthrust ass-cheeks even tighter against his squirming loins, and Josh 
began to fuck with an even in-and-out sawing motion between her lewdly 
rounded lips.
     Marilyn squirmed and twisted on the floor of her living-room, 
groaning around the teenage cock-shaft that filled her mouth, grinding her 
milk-white buttocks back in a wild screwing motion against the lust-
inflamed hardness ramming into her from behind.  The long drawn-out oral 
assault young Peter had inflicted on her loins had built her to a state of 
intense sensitivity, and already she was beginning to lose control of 
herself.  She was quivering and twisting between the two young boys in 
insane and nymphomaniacal abandon.
     The boys had never seen anything like it in their lives.  From 
behind, Seth was ramming furiously into the exquisite tightness of Peter's 
aunt's cunt, his loins making loud smacking sounds each time they struck 
her upthrust buttocks.  He got a terrific feeling of power from fucking 
her in the "dog fashion" position, from having her bent over on her hands 
and knees before him, from being able to watch leisurely every  salacious 
movement of her trembling body.  On the backstroke, he drew his cock 
almost all the way out of her black-rimmed pussy lips.  He could see the 
slickly coated shaft going in and out of the glistening pinkness, the 
clasping cunt lips clinging in protest, flowering open eagerly to receive 
him as he thrust forward again.  And each backstroke afforded him one view 
he'd never seen in his life-just a glimpse of the hairlessly puckered 
little opening of Peter's aunt's anus, that seemed to quiver and purse as 
if begging to be raped.
     Josh on the floor in front of the beautiful widow, could hardly keep 
from cumming at once from the lewd spectacle of this voluptuous woman on 
her knees before him, her face buried in his loins, her lips circling 
tightly about his rigid cock-shaft.  He'd never been sucked off before in 
his life, but the minute he'd heard the tape of Peter's aunt doing it to 
him, he knew he had to have some of the same for himself.  And it felt 
better than Josh could have ever imagined.
     As for Peter, he was almost out of his mind with jealousy and 
excitement.  He still hadn't even had his first real piece of ass, and 
watching his two friends fucking the older woman in the cunt and the mouth 
at the same time was almost more than he could stand.  In spite of his 
initial hesitation, kissing and licking her pussy had really turned him 
on.  And now he couldn't bear being forced to stand and watch instead of 
fucking her too.  He only hoped that his scheme would work and that he 
would get to fuck his aunt too.
     The wanton buffeting of Marilyn's body between the two boys on the 
floor had completely destroyed her resistance.  She could feel the 
relentless currents of desire flowing out of control through her burning 
flesh and she knew it wouldn't be long now until she got the satisfaction 
she so desperately needed.  She sucked ravenously, swiping her tongue 
around and around the pulsing head of Josh's lust-swollen cock.  Already 
she'd begun to hunger for the fresh-tasting cum she knew would come 
spurting any minute into her mouth.  At the same time she drove her 
buttocks even more furiously back against Seth's loins, taking the 
throbbing rigidity deeper and deeper into the tenderly exposed flesh of 
her cunt, relishing the stinging slaps of his loins against her soft 
uptilted buttocks, longing for his equally obscene ejaculation into the 
trembling vaginal depths.
     Moments later an even more obscene tremor shot through Marilyn's 
frantically squirming body as she felt Seth stiffen behind her.  His loins 
quivered and jerked against her nakedly clenching ass-cheeks and far up 
inside her cunt she felt his young penis begin to twitch and throb, 
seeming to grow even larger with the hot semen welling up from his balls.
     "Uh-oh," he grunted, "I think I'm going to do it."
     Even as he spoke, a deeper masochistic groan issued from Marilyn's 
lips around tile lustfully pulsing shaft of Josh's cock, which lunged even 
deeper into her mouth.  He grabbed her black hair and pulled her face 
ruthlessly against his naked loins, the little curls of pubic hair 
tickling her nose and face.
     Marilyn threw her arms up around the boy's waist, clinging to him as 
she squirmed and writhed her own body, straining for her own desperately 
needed release.  She dropped her hands lower, her fingernails digging 
eagerly into the smooth flesh of Josh's naked buttocks and prompting him 
to thrust his cock even deeper and more brutally into her willing mouth.
     "I'm going to cum," Josh gasped again in a quivering voice.
     "Me too," Seth grunted, tugging so hard at Marilyn's hair that she 
wanted to scream.
     An instant later it began.  From behind, Seth slammed into her 
helplessly bucking body with a powerful lunge that shoved the older woman 
forward until her face was buried even deeper into Josh's loins.  At that 
same instant the first sweet-tasting droplets of cum came rushing up the 
length of his palpitating cock and spewing into her mouth.
     Marilyn sobbed and whimpered around the boy's surging hardness, 
making gurgling sounds in her throat as she swallowed the thickly 
splattering droplets to keep from choking.  Behind her, Seth groaned as he 
completely lost control and began to shoot his own lust-heated load of 
sperm into the warmly pulsing inner flesh of her pussy.  The lewd 
ejaculation seemed to temporarily endow him with an even greater energy, 
as his increasingly violent lunges racked her helpless body.  Now the 
obscene young cum was shooting simultaneously into Marilyn's mouth and 
cunt from two opposite directions; she was like a conduit between two 
energy sources, and the spasm of lust darting through her own body were 
elevating her rapidly to a plane of wanton delirium.  She had never felt 
so soiled and degraded in her life, but the sheer masochistic bliss of 
being ejaculated into by two boys at the same time was completely breaking 
down her mental resistance, shattering the barriers of reality as she 
drifted to the very brink of ecstatic madness.  Then, as the eager fucking 
lunges of the two boys reached a peak of frenzy, Marilyn felt the even 
more violent spasms begin far up inside her own helplessly quivering 
belly.
     She screwed her buttocks around in a wild rotating motion, altering 
the angle of Seth's continued racking strokes into the quivering inner 
flesh of her cunt.  She sucked hungrily at Josh's relentlessly driving 
cock, milking it of the sweet-tasting semen that still welled up and 
spurted in a seemingly endless stream against the back of her throat.  Her 
Adam's apple bobbed as she swallowed, determined not to lose a single drop 
of the precious life-giving fluid.  And as her own violent orgasm built to 
a climax, the burning electric sensations flowed in sweeping waves out 
from her trembling loins, pouring up through her breasts to the tingling 
tips of her nipples, surging wildly down her thighs, pouring over every 
tender inch of her nakedly glistening flesh.
     Then as the crescendo passed, the young widow felt the boys' slender 
penis begin to deflate within her two ravaged orifices.
     Peter sat in a corner of the room, his own painfully erect cock 
almost bursting the crotch of his pants as he waited eagerly to see what 
would happen next.  He could hardly wait to sink his cock into her 
delicious pussy and he hoped and prayed that she wasn't too exhausted to 
let him fuck her.
     "Want to switch around now," young Seth said eagerly, anxious to know 
what it felt like to have his cock inside a woman's mouth.
     "Peter's turn, remember, we'll get her again another time," Josh said 
firmly.
     Suddenly at the sound of her nephew's name, Marilyn started, she had 
almost forgotten him, oh boy baby, where was he?
     Peter smiled shyly and began to rise from his corner in the room, 
elated that his aunt still seemed to want him.
     "Shall we watch," Seth said eagerly.
     "I think we should let Peter have time alone with his aunt," Josh 
said.  "Come on, we can always come back tomorrow."
     Marilyn knew now that she had gone, without a shadow of a doubt, 
beyond the point of no return as she heard herself agreeing to see the 
boys again, she knew now there was no turning back.  Sooner or later, she 
knew she would be found out, but that all seemed rather unreal to her at 
this moment, she looked at the boys anxiously though.  "You promise not to 
tell a soul boys, otherwise we can't continue this way," she said firmly.
     "Sure we promise, we know a good thing when we see it," Josh said, 
smiling obscenely at the nakedly glistening body of the wanton woman 
spread-eagled on the floor.
     Both she and her nephew waited for the boys to dress and leave the 
house, then without a moment's waste her young nephew dropped forward on 
top of her until she could feel the teasing prickle of her hard pointed 
nipples brushing against his chest.  He twitched at the first contact of 
his throbbing cock-head against her warm inner thighs, then in a reflexive 
motion lunged forward, grunting in surprise as he felt the even warmer and 
deliciously moistened lips of her cunt right against the nub-end of his 
throbbing little penis.  With another instinctive movement, the excited 
boy shoved forward again, gasping with surprise as he felt his blood-
engorged cock-head slip into the wetly enveloping flesh of his aunt's 
hair-lined pussy.
     "Oooooooooh!" Marilyn gasped as she felt the boy's naked penis slip 
easily up into the warm elastic-like sheath of her vagina, felt it prod 
slowly and smoothly up into the moistened tightness of her most sensitive 
inner flesh, seeming to swell even harder as she began a gentle undulation 
of her hips.
     Peter groaned, hardly able to believe the warmth and softness of a 
woman's cunt, his body jerking as his aunt flexed her inner muscles, 
squeezing the clasping flesh even tighter around his rigidly twitching 
cock.  Then suddenly her hands moved down, her fingers digging into the 
flaccid flesh of his buttocks as she pulled him even deeper into her, 
beginning to chum and squirm her loins in wild contortions up against him, 
writhing the nakedness of her breasts against his chest.
     "Yes, Peter," she moaned in a trembling voice.  "Fuck me, don't hold 
back!  Fuck me!"
     The hopelessly aroused boy needed no further encouragement with 
excitement, he began a series of short sharp lunges, slamming his body 
down in racking fury against the voluptuously squirming flesh beneath him, 
ramming his cock all the way into the clasping tightness of his aunt's 
pussy.  He groaned again, already feeling the tingling sensations that 
were a prelude to his swift and obscene ejaculation beginning to run up 
and down the throbbing shaft of his cock.
     "Yes, come on," Marilyn pleaded, responding wantonly to the frenzied 
assault.  He was going to cum very soon.  She could sense that in the 
increased tension of his body, the more violent fury of his shattering 
lunges.  But she didn't care.  She didn't even mind if it happened before 
she was ready for another orgasm.  She could fake it if she had to keep 
Peter from feeling bad, because after what he'd been through today, she 
could hardly expect a display of control the first time he actually fucked 
a woman.
     Marilyn was ecstatic at the thought of teaching her nephew the ways 
of a woman, of initiating him into all she knew.  She was his first woman 
and somehow the thought of that made her feel very powerful, all 
pervasive, all knowing, this was her glorious opportunity to truly become 
the goddess!



Chapter 6

     Marilyn Goodge could hardly believe the turn her life had taken since 
she had opened herself sexually.  At times she felt she was running a den 
of inequity as she shuffled her time between the three boys and Ronnie 
Goodge.  She found now that she could deny herself nothing, she wanted 
Ronnie, yet she still wanted the boys and she realized, much to her 
surprise, that she had enough energy for all four of them.
     The boys had been sworn to secrecy, of course they knew nothing of 
her affair with Peter's father and she had no intention of telling them.
     She looked at her watch, it was almost four o'clock.  Peter was due 
to stop by to see her on his way home from school.  He was begging her to 
let him see her alone and she had readily agreed-he was her favorite, 
really, although she couldn't say that, she didn't want to hurt Seth and 
Josh's feelings.  Nonetheless she knew that Peter ranked highest in their 
little foursome.
     She could hardly believe her own salaciousness, actually, she was 
seeing Peter at four o'clock and his father at eight!
     A little thrill ran through her now as she watched Peter coming up 
the garden path, she ran her hands down over her voluptuous body causing 
lascivious pangs of passion to erupt in her wanton form.  She ran into her 
bedroom now and quickly stripped off her clothes, turning to look at her 
curvaceously naked body in the mirror, cupping her breasts in her hands, 
waiting, patiently, hungrily for her boy-lover.
     She heard him come through the back door, "I'm in the bedroom 
darling," she sang out.
     Peter could hardly believe his eyes when he walked into his aunt's 
bedroom and she was already ready and waiting for him, he felt his cock 
begin to pound furiously in his pants as she ran her hands up and down her 
body lasciviously, watching her tiny tongue darting out to moisten her 
ovalled red lips.  He could hardly wait, and without a moment's waste he 
began to strip off his clothes until his own lewdly throbbing cock was 
exposed to her hungry gaze.
     Marilyn whimpered softly at the now familiar but nonetheless 
thrilling sight, dropping down onto the bed and reclining slowly onto her 
back, gazing up at the young boy with an almost desperate desire in her 
eyes.
     Peter sat down on the edge of the bed, his eyes moving wildly over 
his aunt's nakedly surrendered body.  He felt the words in his throat that 
he wanted to say to his aunt but he couldn't quite bring them to the 
surface and yet he knew he wouldn't be satisfied until he had performed 
the vile act that had been haunting him for days now.
     "What is it darling," Marilyn asked, aware that her young nephew was 
struggling with something.
     "I want to fuck you in the ass," he said directly, hardly able to 
believe his own voice.
     "No," Marilyn gasped, her eyes widening suddenly in shock and horror.  
She couldn't imagine she'd even heard him correctly, but she knew she had.  
And the lewd act he was proposing was beyond anything she'd even dreamed 
of in her most perverted fantasies.  It was sodomy!  Pure and simple 
sodomy, the most warped and sadistic act of sex possible.  And innocent 
little Peter, her darling little nephew was proposing that she, his aunt, 
submit to that perverted act.
     "No," she repeated again, "I'll do anything else Peter darling, but 
not that, please not that!"
     "That's what I thought Auntie, I didn't think you'd let me do it."
     Marilyn didn't know what to say as she looked at the dejected form of 
her young nephew, oh God! she felt so terrible, why was she denying him 
his pleasure again, and yet the act he'd asked her to perform was vile, 
was unthinkable!  She started to caress his youthful body but he pulled 
away from her and somehow or other she felt that she had lost him forever, 
she just couldn't bear it, why did he have to ask her for this, the most 
lewd and vile of all the sexual acts.  Suddenly though, she knew that she 
would never be able to deny him anything, he was far too precious to her 
and if this was what he wanted, she would give herself to him, she would 
surrender to him as he wished, she couldn't resist him, couldn't refuse 
him anything he wanted.
     "You can fuck me in the ass, if you want to darling, I can't deny you 
anything," she said quickly, hardly able to look at her young nephew fully 
in the face.
     Almost instantly, Marilyn saw the boy's deflated cock begin to grow, 
brushing back toward its throbbing erection against her thighs, and she
pushed the boy upward to allow her to roll over on her belly.  Then she 
lay motionless, waiting, her eyes tightly closed to hold back the. tears, 
her naked ass-cheeks clenching in fear as she awaited the lewdest and most 
obscene ravishment she would ever be subjected to in her life.
     Peter trembled in anticipation, propping himself up on his elbow to 
gaze hungrily down the length of his aunt's prone body, his attention 
finally focusing on the forbidden dark crack of her defensively clenched 
ass-cheeks. His hand moved hesitantly to her thighs just below the clefts 
of her buttocks, and he began to stroke softly up between them, running 
his middle finger up the already lewdly moistened slit of her cunt to 
spread the flowing cuntal juices back over the forbidden little nether 
hole.
     Marilyn's body jerked with a soft spasm as she felt Peter's finger 
move across the sensitive membrane, coming into sudden obscene contact 
with the tightly contracted little circle.  In spite of her shock and 
fear, her body responded spontaneously with a little undulating quiver, 
and a soft noise that could have been mistaken for a mewl of pleasure 
issued from deep in her throat.  Then a wilder shudder passed through her 
body as she felt the pressure increase.  Her eyes opened wide and she 
raised her head, staring straight ahead at the wall of her bedroom as she 
felt Peter's finger slip right down into the little hole, burrowing slowly 
forward into her rectum in spite of all her attempts to clench her 
buttocks and contract her anus in resistance.  It sank inward to the first 
knuckle, then continued the lewd intrusion until it was buried all the way 
up in her helpless rectal flesh.
     As a soft moan of pain rose to the older woman's lips, Peter flicked 
his thumb down into the moistly splayed flesh of her cunt, the striking 
contrast of sensations silencing her protest.  Then her buttocks resumed 
their sensuous undulation as Peter began to stroke up and down her 
tingling cunt-lips with his thumb, at the same time probing deep in her 
rectum with his obscenely piercing middle finger.
     As the pain-pleasure sensations increased, Marilyn felt fresh tears 
rush to her eyes, but at the same time she was unable to stop the soft 
gyrations of her hips squirming up and down in a lewdly hunching motion on 
the bed.  It wasn't the pain that made her want to cry, but the sudden 
shocking and devastating realization that in spite of all the perversion, 
in spite even of the pain, the idea of being fucked in the rectum, debased 
and humiliated to the limits of warped sex, was beginning to appeal to 
her.  Even as she sobbed, little tremors of masochistic pleasure started 
to course out over every tingling inch of her goose-bumped flesh, and she 
could feel the, fluttering excitement growing in her stomach.
     Then she gasped as Peter began to withdraw his finger, and in spite 
of the relief, the tight rubbery walls of her inner rectal flesh seemed to 
cling to it protestingly.  Her body jerked from the sharp pop as his 
finger left her completely, then lurched forward as Peter rolled back on 
top of her and his finger was suddenly replaced by the blood-filled tip of 
his cock, prodding right up against the tightness of her helpless anal 
entrance.
     "Aaaaaaagggghhhhh" she moaned thrashing her head from side to side as 
her nephew lunged ruthlessly forward, his cock-head pressing right against 
the tightly resisting little rectal opening and beginning to worm itself 
slowly up inside.  The sudden white-hot pain caused new tears to rush to 
the older woman's eyes as she shivered and trembled beneath her nephew 
from the raw sensation of the slender shaft of boyish flesh surging 
hungrily upward into her tight-fitting rectum.
     Sobbing from her pain and humiliation, Marilyn dropped back onto the 
bed, her buttocks still jerking in involuntary spasm from the shattering 
violation of her most sensitive orifice.  She was hopelessly impaled now.  
Her body was pinned down to the mattress beneath her nephew and she'd 
taken his surging rod of flesh to the hilt between her reluctantly 
upthrust ass-cheeks.
     Then another cry rose to her lips as Peter began to move.  But 
miraculously, it wasn't really as bad as she had feared.  The pain was 
tempered by an even more vivid sensation of pleasure, however masochistic.  
Her loins were on fire from the lewd skewering of her rectum and she could 
feel the tight sac that held the boy's cum-filled testicles slap teasingly 
against the sensitive little slit of her cunt, sending undeniable ripples 
of pleasure darting out through her squirming body in delicious contrast 
to the pain.  And as Peter continued to drive smoothly into the rubbery 
tight rectal flesh, her cries of agony and protest gradually began to 
change, becoming finally mewls of forbidden pleasure as the young boy 
began to fuck even harder.
     "God, it's tight," he gasped, grunting and groaning and laboring 
above her.  "I'm not gonna be able to take much more.  The friction is 
just too intense."
     For a moment longer Marilyn hung in limbo, a part of her longing for 
Peter to achieve his early climax and end the merciless assault, another 
part of her beginning to cry out for more and more of the depraved 
sensation.  Then it was Peter who turned the tide.  In a sudden movement 
he slipped his hand in between Marilyn's belly and the mattress, thrusting 
his finger up between her thighs to stroke in swift little movements right 
over the hotly pulsing bud of her clitoris, further increasing the 
confusing contrast of sensation for the older woman.  Marilyn sobbed 
softly, then moaned even louder, suddenly rocking her buttocks back and 
pulling her knees up beneath her body, lifting Peter into the standard 
"dog fashion" position.  The shift in position better exposed her rectum 
so Peter could thrust his cock even deeper into the sensitive tightness, 
and at the same time made it easier for him to reach her clitoris and the 
pulsating slit of her moistened cunt.
     Peter grunted even more excitedly from his aunt's unexpected 
response, increasing the length of his own piercing lunges until he was 
unleashing the full fury of his lust with a series of mighty thrusts deep 
into her still wildly contracting anus.  At the same time, he shoved his 
middle finger deep into the quivering softness of her cunt and increasing 
the friction of his thumb's rapid stroking over her little twitching 
clitoral bud.  Already he could feel the cum begin to well up in his balls 
and he knew it wouldn't be long now until he lost all control.  But his 
aunt was really beginning to respond and he was determined to hold off as 
long as he possibly could.
     Marilyn's body was really coming to life now.  The contrasting 
sensation in her two simultaneously ravished cunt and asshole had begun to 
merge.  She could no longer clearly distinguish between the pain and the 
pleasure, and. her nakedly squirming body shuddered as the waves of 
delight began to course in swift overwhelming tingles out over her lust-
contorted flesh.  In spite of all the inherent humiliation in the "dog 
fashion" posture and the sheer degradation of the depraved act of sodomy, 
she was responding!  She didn't have to fake it--she wanted it!  Peter's 
throbbing young penis ramming up into her sensitively pulsing depths of 
her rectum was breaking down her will to resist and she screwed her 
buttocks back hungrily against the surging shaft of flesh that invaded 
her, longing for more and more of the lewdly masochistic titillation.
     Behind her, Peter groaned as he felt her anus contract even tighter 
around the lunging shaft of his cock.  He knew he was hurting his aunt, 
and he was trying to hold himself back, but the obscene triumph of 
watching her wallow in masochistic bliss before him, not to mention the 
sheer intensity of sensation, were more than he could stand.  Trying to 
compensate for the pain with an even more frenzied stroking of his finger 
over the little quivering bud of her clitoris, Peter began to ram into her 
clasping rectum with even more violent force.
     "Oooooohoooooh!  Agggggghhhhhhhh!" Marilyn moaned before the frenzied 
assault, her body thrashing beyond control from the obscene sensation 
coursing through her loins and rectum.
     Gasping, Peter slacked off, reclining his weight heavily against his 
aunt's upthrust buttocks, his cock buried to the hilt in the rubbery 
tightness of her rectum.  He flexed, sending another wanton shiver 
coursing the length of her softly perspiring body.
     "I'm sorry," he groaned, "I'm hurting you."
     "No," Marilyn gasped, trembling beneath the boy's sagging weight.  
She grunted as he flexed again, then turned her head to look back over her 
shoulder, and the lust-contorted expression on her face was like nothing 
Peter had ever seen in his life.  "No," she whimpered again.  "I like it.  
I like it.  I want you to fuck me."
     Peter could hardly believe his cars.  He remembered all the time he'd 
spent dreaming of doing this to his aunt, trying to work up the courage to 
ask her and now she was telling him that she loved it, she wanted more of 
it, she loved it.
     "Yes," Marilyn groaned as Peter began to move again.  "Fuck me, fuck 
me harder, fuck me harder!"
     Again Marilyn dropped her face down onto the pillow, her buttocks 
jerking and waving in complete submission as Peter resumed his youth-
driven tucking, his cock swelling even larger in her burning rectum as the 
cum surged in his balls and began its mad dash up the blood-stiffened rod.
     Again she rocked backwards, taking the lust-inflamed hardness even 
deeper, screwing her buttocks in a passionate rotating motion.  She knew 
she was going to cum any Minute now, and she strained and fought 
desperately for her own release.  She hovered on the brink for what seemed 
like an unbearable eternity; yet still it eluded her, and now Peter was 
running out of time.
     "Finger-fuck me harder," Marilyn gasped in sheer desperation.  "Fuck 
your middle finger harder into my pussy.  Make me cum too."
     As Peter slammed down on his aunt's helplessly writhing body with an 
even mightier racking stroke, he slipped his middle finger eagerly into 
the softly parting lips of her already lewdly moistened flesh, worming it 
up into the unresisting softness until it was buried to the knuckle in her 
vagina.  Wiggling it deep inside her, he began to finger-fuck swiftly in 
and out as he felt the last of his own control fading and the cum surged 
up hotly from his balls and began to splatter in thick squirting droplets 
deep up in the clasping tightness of her rectum.
     "Yes," Marilyn purred as she felt the boy's shattering lunges 
becoming even more intense, the obscenely shooting sperm that filled her 
rectum further lubricating the tight orifice until the pain faded almost 
entirely, replaced by the sheer pleasure stimulation of the shocking 
sensation that was now completely meshed with the wanton tingling in her 
cunt.
     "Yes, yes," she moaned deliriously as she felt the waves begin to 
build in her own body.  "Yes, and do my clitoris too.  Do my clitoris with 
your thumb."
     Peter willingly complied, and moments later the devastating 
contortions began to flow at swift relentless intervals through Marilyn's 
ravished body.  She sobbed without restraint from the shattering waves of 
ecstasy coursing through her rectum and loins, bucking wildly beneath 
Peter's final racking lunges.
     With a last grunt Peter sagged back tiredly on his aunt's still 
trembling buttocks, feeling the little spasms continue to shake her body 
for several moments longer.  Then his lust-spent penis began to deflate up 
in her cum-filled rectum and he withdrew softly and rolled over tiredly on 
his back.
     Slowly Marilyn turned to look at her nephew, gently caressing his 
young face as she gazed into his dark brown eyes.  "You satisfy me so 
Peter," she purred, "you seem so much older than eleven."
     "You bring out the best in me, you really do," he said quietly, 
feeling suddenly very grown up.
     "I liked it Peter, I thought I would hate it, but I liked it, but I 
want this to be our secret, just you and me, I don't want the other boys 
knowing about this."
     The young boy readily agreed, happy to have something special to 
share with his aunt, something that none of the other boys had.
     The satiated couple lay staring at the ceiling for a long, long time, 
finally drifting into a light sleep, locked in each other's arms, safe 
within the confines of their secret special love.



Chapter 7

     "Marilyn, I have to tell you, that it's just beyond me, why on earth 
did you allow those boys to fuck you in the first place?" yelled Ronnie 
Goodge, beside himself with rage after having discovered the fatal tape in 
his son's bedroom only an hour ago.
     "I was lonely, I don't know how it happened, except that Peter came 
to me to tell him about the facts of life and we just ended up doing it.  
Oh don't yell at me Ronnie, I'm scared enough as it is," sobbed Marilyn.
     "You should be Marilyn, do you realize what will happen if the police 
find out?"
     "No!"
     "You'll be imprisoned, that's what, I still can't believe it."
     "What can we do?"
     "There's only one solution.  I've been thinking about it for a while 
anyway and this clinches it.  I've been given a promotion.  If I take it 
it would mean that I'll have to move to Cincinnati immediately.  Marilyn 
will you come with me.  We could live together and no one would know we 
weren't married."
     "What!" the startled woman cried out, her mouth dropping open in 
amazement.
     "Goddamn it, Marilyn, I love you, don't you know that already, I've 
loved you for years, long before Walt died."
     Marilyn was silent for a long, long time; it appealed to her somehow 
to live with a man again, and it was true she really did enjoy Ronnie's 
company, with him she could have a normal relationship instead of having 
to skulk around in secret and eventually anyway she knew her love-affair 
with the boys would have to end.
     "What about Peter?"
     "I've already talked to him about it.  At first I was so angry I 
thought I would kill him Marilyn, I swear I did.  Then I realized that he 
was only a boy and that probably you had given him something really 
invaluable and besides that, how could I blame him, you're one hell of a 
woman Marilyn."
     Marilyn Goodge closed her eyes, feeling her brother-in-law's body 
suddenly rubbing against her, feeling his hardened cock digging into her 
belly as his urgent need began to come upon him.  Perhaps she should, 
perhaps it would be the best thing, she certainly couldn't stay here 
forever in this town making love to three boys, it was crazy of her to 
think that at some point they wouldn't be found out, Ronnie had found out, 
others could and then it would be disastrous.  It had been wonderful, 
while it had lasted and now it seemed that phase of her life was coming to 
a close, but another was opening and it was one that was exciting to her, 
Ronnie was a good man she knew that he would be very good to her and that 
she would never be lonely again.  She turned now, slowly kissing her lover 
fully on the lips, running her hands down over his body to his hardened 
cock, pulling him urgently into her waiting pussy.  "Yes, I'll do it 
Ronnie but now please fuck me darling, I want you so badly."
     "As I said Marilyn, you're one hell of a woman," grinned the handsome 
man eagerly, "one hell of a woman."



The End
