From ???@0x00019FEF Sun Dec 14 16:50:08 1997
Path: newsfeed.san.rr.com!nntp3.cerf.net!nntp2.cerf.net!news.idt.net!news-peer.gip.net!news.gsl.net!gip.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!207.14.113.10!news.alt.net!qz!not-for-mail
From: "ass.reposter" <somogy1@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Subject: RP: Babette Trip to Outwest (Best stories from my archive)
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: 12 Dec 1997 20:56:36 GMT
Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam
Lines: 1557
Approved: <usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
Message-ID: <6341eli$9712121557@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
Reply-To: somogy1@hotmail.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; name="BABETTE.TXT"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Archived-At: <URL:http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/Year97/6341.txt>
X-Good-Line-Length: yes
Content-Disposition: inline; filename="BABETTE.TXT"
X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded <story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Original-Message-ID: <348FB075.36D7@hotmail.com>
Xref: newsfeed.san.rr.com alt.sex.stories.moderated:3045 alt.sex.stories:137124
Status: N




                                  OUTWEST1.TXT

                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:
                            Babette's Trip Out West
                                   Chapter 1

                                       By
                            Steve the Sucker Husband

        We had recently purchased some land in Arizona, and according to state
law we had six months to see it and accept or reject the deal. We have two sons
and always planned to find a piece of land to give them a permanent home, I was
back in college finishing up my degree, and we were strapped for money as
usual. Spring break was coming up and that seemed the best time for the trip to
see the property. I could stay with the boys and Babette could fly there and
check out the land. It was always her dream for a permanent home so it figured
she should be the one to choose the land. My wife Babette is a beautiful woman,
5'8", 115 lbs, 36D-24-34, with Reddish Blond Hair, and greenish eyes. She had
the look that said Fuck Me, and she used to dress to accentuate it, not anymore
I thought.

        We had had a rough beginning in our relationship, her mother hated me
as is usual, and she had a part of her personality that couldn't keep away from
other men. There were several occassions where she cheated on me to satisfy her
appetite for cock. Every time she started a new job, she would wind up finding
some guy there that made her so hot, she had to find times to sneak away and
Suck him off. She loved the taste of sperm, and came to be known as a Cum Slut
wherever she worked. This was particularly hurtful to me as she seldom would
suck me off, and she never wanted me to cum in her mouth.

        We had spent months with a marriage counselor and I thought that this
part of her personality was finally under control, I found out I was wrong,
again. I found a copy of a letter she was going to send to her friend Kathy,
they were the "team" in High School, slutting around together, they had quite a
reputation in those days, and they were still very close. I scanned the letter
and replaced it in her drawer before she mailed it, here it is:

Kat,

        I've got to tell you what happened in Arizona. I think I have finally
reached my peak in sluttyness, It was great. It will make life with Steve
bearable, at least it will when we move to our new land.

        I took a night flight to Arizona, Steve dropped me at the airport and
as soon as he left I changed from the cloths I had worn to one of the special
outfits I got for the trip. I had shaved my pussy clean in the morning after
Steve had gone to class, I love the way my pussy lips puff out when its shaven,
I put on a black mini skirt with red garters, black stockings, and red heels
like in the old days. I had bought this really tight  plunging neckline, red
spandex top that just fit over my breasts leaving my belly and navel exposed,
and my black leather motorcycle jacket. No bra or panties of course. The plane
was pretty empty and I had the last five rows to myself. About an hour into the
flight things were quiet, the movie was a cartoon about some pig and I was
bored. I was feeling horny and I started to masturbate, I was fantasizing about
the time we did those 5 guys at the beach after Homecoming. I was at the point
when they made us crawl around and beg to Suck them, I was really hot, plunging
three fingers in my pussy as I touched my AssHole. I didn't even notice the guy
who was standing over me watching, till he put his hand on my breast and asked
me if I needed anything. I opened my eyes and was inches from a huge bulge
filling his bluegeans, I stared at it, still playing with myself, I was so
close to cumming. I just kept going, he squeezed my left tit and pinched the
nipple. It was so good I just closed my eyes again and kept frigging myself. He
sat next to me and started mauling my tits hard, the way I like it, He kissed
me and his tongue seemed to want to drive down my throat. I was remembering how
the boys held our heads as they squirted their Cum on our faces, I was shaking
as his mouth muffled my moans when I came.

        He kept touching me as I sat back and felt the waves move through my
body, when I opened my eyes I saw the most delicious blond, blue eyed cowboy I
had ever seen. He was georgeous, he kissed me again and I melted into his
embrace. His name was Alan, he lived near Benson, Arizona about 20 miles from
the land we bought, I think this move will be the answer to my prayers.

        We sat there talking about the desert he said he'd be glad to show me
around. I was feeling so slutty, like the old days, and I told him I hoped he'd
show me more than that. He didn't get it so I leaned in close and whispered in
his ear, " Can I see your Cock, please." He was stunned so I played it out,
"Please I really want to see it, please," I nibbled on his ear and whimpered a
little, "please can I." He said "sure," and I started to unbuckle his belt. I
looked around and saw no one was moving about, I think most of them were
asleep. I opened his pants and pulled out the best Cock I've seen in years. It
was at least 7 " soft and very smooth, he started to moan as my fingers wrapped
around it and stroked it. "Beautiful" I told him as I pumped it, it grew hard
and I had about 9" of straight thick Cock staring at me. I looked in his eyes
licked my lips and dropped my head into his lap. He let out a loud moan as I
kissed the head, I looked up and with my best pout and said "please, can I suck
it." "Su-sure" he said as my mouth slipped down the shaft. "mmm" I licked the
shaft with my tongue as I rode it up and down slowly, letting it come out of my
mouth and rubbing it on my lips, I kissed it several times then Sucked it back
in. His hands were around my Tits squeezing them as I sucked, he pinched my
nipples and pulled them in rythem to my sucking. I looked up and told him I
loved his Cock, that I loved it when he was rough and treated me like a Slut,
he just had a silly smile on his face, then the look changed to passion and he
pushed my head down forcing his cock into my throat. He held me there, as I
gagged a little, breathing through my nose, he pulled my head up by the hair
then pushed it back down, again and again. Forcing my throat to Fuck his big
Prick. You know how turned on I get when a man forces me, my mind was reeling,
my Pussy was sopping wet and my nipples were rock hard. The Slut was back. I
Bobbed my head up and down slurping his cock, faster and faster, I was so
hungry for it. I needed his Cum so bad. I got myself to my knees, his right leg
was on the chair as I sucked him. I was moaning like a bitch in heat driving my
throat over his hard Cock, he held my head still and said "Eat it bitch, suck
it dry." Then he started to squirt his Cum in my mouth, it hit the roof of my
mouth and splashed down my throat as I swallowed. "Look at me Cunt" he
commanded as I gulped down his load, I did my eyes tearing as I struggled to
swallow it all. He pulled it out of my mouth and shot it on my face and lips, I
licked at it trying to catch it all, licking it off my lips as it sprayed on
me. He rubbed his cock over my lips spreading the cum, I licked it up. Then he
started to smack my lips with his prick, he had a hold of my hair as he began
to slap my face with the hard hot Cock, I just moaned and looked in his eyes, I
came, kneeling between his legs, staring up at him, covered with his Cum. He
released me and I licked him clean, sucking Cum from his pubic hair and thighs.

        I spent the rest of the flight in his arms, he kept touching my pussy
and tits, telling me what a Slut I was, I agreed, this made him smile. He made
me tell him about the things I'd done with other men. I told him about High
School and all the boys we did, and about the guys I did at the different jobs
I had. He was really excited about the time I worked at the car lot and had
Sucked off every guy there including the boss at the Christmas Party. Steve
would have died if he found out about that, me on my knees with 12 guys,
sucking and fucking them over and over. I told him how I loved to be forced to
do dirty things, how I really only get off when it gets real rough. He said
he'd show me a time that would make my past seem like a Virgins life, I told
him I couldn't wait.

        Alan drove me to Benson in his Pick Up from the Phoenix Airport. I
sucked him most of the trip, by the time we arrived, he was calling me "little
Cum Slut" I liked that. We got to his ranch it was big, like him, he took me
inside and right to his bedroom. We stood there for a moment just looking at
each other. He asked again if I was serious about how I like to be treated, I
assured him I did, that I needed that treatment to really enjoy sex.

        He put his hand behind my head, grabbed a handful of hair and pulled me
to him. We kissed deeply grinding our bodies together. He pulled me away and
slapped my face, then again, and again. I loved it, I started to get wet as he
called me a whore and a cunt, slapping my face and tits. "Strip for me slut" he
commanded as he slapped me again and again. I pulled off my top and unzipped my
skirt letting it drop to the floor. I was standing there in garters, stockings
and heels. He just smiled and stared as I shivered a little, my nipples were
rock hard and my shaved pussy lips were puffed out and wet. He made me turn
around and face the wall, "Don't move" he said and he left the room. I just
stood there trembling in anticipation, if only Steve treated me like this, I
need this so bad. The problem with Steve was he treated me like a lady, even
when we were in bed, he made love to me, I wanted to be Fucked not loved.

        Alan returned I could hear him walking in the room, I shivered a
little, "hold up your hair Cunt" I did as I felt him put a collar around my
neck and secure it. He turned me around and smiled, I could see myself in the
mirror, it was a studded red dogs collar, he held up a leash and told me to
kiss it. I kissed it, then he used it to whip my Ass three times as he held my
hair. He attached the leash to the collar and pushed me to my knees, "Kiss my
boots" I did, "Lick them" I did, "now suck me". I reached up to unzip him, he
slapped me, "no hands, use your mouth." I struggled to undo his belt and open
his pants with my mouth and teeth. I got them open and down. I pulled down his
underwear with my teeth and started to suck him. he grabbed my head and started
to Fuck my face, driving himself in and out of my throat till he came. As he
came he pulled out and sprayed my tits soaking them, "Lick it off baby" I bent
my head and pulled my tits up. He had gotten a camera and took pictures of me
on my knees licking the cum off my big round tits.

        He pulled on the leash and I followed on hands and knees. My Pussy was
tingling I felt it dripping down my thighs as I crawled after him, he led me
outside. He led me to the front by the fence that separates the property from
the road, I was getting nervous and a little embarrased, a car could pass by
and see me, but this also made me more excited. Alan made me stand, I stood
before him naked as he looked me over, turning me, telling me to bend over,
spread my legs and turn for him. He told me to walk like a model and parade
around, I was getting very excited and embarrassed, and I obeyed.

        I heard some laughter and saw 2 men by the fence staring at me. My
whole body blushed and there were goosebumps all over me. The men walked over
when Alan called to them, they were staring at my Pussy and hard Nipples.

        "Whats up boss" they said, one was a thin short blond cowboy about 20,
the other was a large Mexican about 30. Alan told them something, they laughed
and went to the stable, when they returned they had a cloth bag.

        Alan ordered me to get on all fours, and the Mexican began to open the
bag. The first thing Alan did was pull out a riding crop, he grabbed my hair
and told me to raise my Ass. When I did, he slapped the crop at my Ass, four or
five times, really hard. It was stinging and I was crying as he told me to
thank him and ask for some more, I did and he whipped me out there on the dirt
as the men watched and laughed.  He made me close my eyes and all of them
started dressing me, they put some kind of leather straps around my head and
body. They circled my Breasts, waist, and back.

        When Alan told me to look he was holding a small mirror, I could see
myself with a bridle on. "Train this little Slut while I go into town, I'll be
back this afternoon" Alan told the men as he left me there.

        One of the men behind me smacked my Ass with the crop as he pulled me,
on all fours by the lead of the bridle. They took me to the stable and pulled
me into a stall. I could smell the horseshit and straw, they tied the lead to
the stall. The two men just stared at me for a while then they began to take
off their pants. The Mexican grabbed the lead and pulled my face to their Hard
Cocks standing straight at me. "Suck us Bitch, and do it right." As I began to
open my mouth and move toward the Cocks the riding crop slapped my Ass three
times. "Come on Slut Suck". Slap, Slap, my Ass was getting so red. I started
Sucking a huge 12" Cock, only an inch or two fit in my mouth. I licked the head
and tried to Suck it inside. The other guy was behind me putting his fingers in
my dripping Pussy and poking at my Ass Hole.

        The Big Cock was being forced down my throat as my head was pulled on
it, by his powerful arms, I felt the other guy shove his Prick in my steamy
Pussy. "Uggghhhh" they both lunged at the same time. I was pinned between them
with a Cock Fucking my Pussy as The Monster Cock has forced its way into my
throat. I gaged and choked as my throat was being raped. "Come on Puta, milk
these Cocks, Suck that Scum out Whore". The Cock behind me was removed and my
Ass was being spread. I felt him spit on my hole then he forced his Cock up
into my AssHole. "Arghhhhhh! Ooooohh!!" I was dizzy from lack of air as the
Fucking continued, breathing through my nose when I could.

        The Mexican pulled his Cock out of my throat and while Jerking it, he
slapped me across the face with it. It was so heavy and large, it moved my head
as it slapped one cheek then the other. My Ass was being Fucked so fast I was
grunting like a pig and the Cock slapping me made me cry out "Ooooooohh!"

        My Pussy was convulsing as I began to Cum. The Mexican was grunting
saying, "Open your mouth Puta and eat all this fine Scum," as The guy behind
pulled out and moved around in front of me. The Cock from my Ass was shoved
under my nose, the smell of my Ass on it was so strong. He rubbed it all over
my lips, as it began to shoot. The Big Cock exploded too, all over my face,
shooting in my mouth, nose and hair. The Cock that was up my Ass was pouring
over my lips, he was wiping it over my mouth. The Mexicans Cock squirted like a
hose as gobs of Cum dripped down my face onto my tits. I licked and swallowed
as fast as I could. Swallowing the slimy mess, licking it off the shaft and
balls. One of them began to whip me again as I continued to rub my face in the
Cum as I licked it up.

        I swallowed so much Cum I felt full, I was dizzy and could not even
stay on my hands and knees anymore. I collapsed, still being whipped, to the
dirty straw. The straw stuck to my Cum covered face. The men were laughing as
they pulled up their pants, "She really looks like a Dirty Whore now." I felt
strong arms lift my Ass, then I passed out as a huge Cock was ramming up my
Ass. Slaps on my face woke me up again to feel the thrusting Prick up my Ass.
It was so big it hurt everytime it hit bottom, but it hurt so good.

        I felt him shoot his hot Cum in my Ass, then the feeling changed. He
began to piss in me. He pulled out and spun me around. The stream of hot piss
poured over my face, A sharp slap on my back, made me open my mouth, as the
pissing Cock was shoved in and my head was held. I drank it as fast as I could
so it wouldn't drown me. I was let go and collapsed, with both of them Pissing
all over me. The gate was locked and they left. The Mexican called back, "In a
few hours the boss will be back to take you somewhere real nice." then they
left laughing...

        [This was the first part of the letter, I couldn't believe it. Ivette
had never done anything like that with me, I couldn't imagine any of it being
true, till one afternoon two days after I found the letter, I found a pack of
pictures. The pictures of her licking the cum from he big tits were there, she
had the collar, just like she described. The other pictures didn't show what
went on in the stable, these others were taken in some Western Bar, with my
naked wife and a huge crowd of Cowboys using her in ways I could never even
imagine.]

          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 2 - Outwest2.txt




----------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                  OUTWEST2.TXT

                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:
                            Babette's Trip Out West
                                   Chapter 2

                                       By
                            Steve the Sucker Husband

Babette's letter to Kathy continued;

        I lay there, my pussy, ass and mouth coated with cum, my body stained
with their piss. It was incredible, I felt like I was still cumming, my pussy
was tingling and I felt those little shocks that reached to my nipples. It was
almost as good as when we did those Marines in the abandoned building near the
base. When they made us kneel in the old bathroom and they made us be their
urinals, but this time I drank some, I kinda like it.

        Alan returned much later that afternoon and took me by the lead outside
the stable, he tied me to a post and turned a hose on me. The water was ice
cold and he kept trying to shoot it in my pussy. When I was cleaned he led me
back to the house, four ranch hands were gawking and making comments to each
other as I was led inside. "Shower yourself Slut, and wear your sexiest outfit,
we're going to a party." I went to the bathroom as Alan was dialing the phone.

        I spent a lot of time cleaning up, I was tasting the cum as it was
running out of me. I couldn't believe the state of arousal I was in, even in
High School I never felt this horny. I shaved my crotch again making sure it
was smooth as silk, and dressed in my "killer" western outfit. I put on a tight
bluegene mini that buttoned all the way up the front, I had a white silk
western shirt that was so sheer you could see my breasts through it, and Alan
had left me a pair of white Cowboy boots with rhinestone designs of hearts and
flowers. I pulled my hair up into a high ponytail that cascaded down my neck
and back. I used just enough makeup to bring out my eyes and a bright red "no
smear" lipstick to cover my full lips. In the mirror I was getting myself hot
just looking at myself. When I came downstairs Alan was waiting with a white
collar, that matched the boots, in his hand, I walked up to him and knelt in
front of him and waited. he said "Slut," and I looked up, he slapped me hard
knocking me to the floor, then he threw down the collar and I put it on. We
didn't speak as we walked to the truck, we got in and he lifted my skirt so my
Pussy was exposed, "spread them" he commanded, I did, and he slapped me there.
"Owww" I jerked and my thighs closed, "open up bitch" he yelled and he
continued so spank my bare pussy as we drove into town. He stopped to get gas
and told me not to move my legs, I sat there as the attendant came over to gas
up the truck. I was blushing, he might see me. When the attendant started to
clean the windows, he did see my pussy still bright pink from the spanking it
had received, I tried to look away but also tried to see his reactions. He was
staring straight at it, cleaning the window over and over licking his lips. He
noticed me looking and he blew me a kiss then licked his lips so I couldn't
miss his point. Alan was over at the garage smiling as he watched the whole
thing. He came over and said something to the attendant, who readily agreed to
what he had said. They came to my door and Alan opened it, I remained still as
he had told me, the wind blew over my pussy as the door opened. "I told him I'm
short on cash, but he says you can pay him for the gas." The attendant was
grinning ear to ear, as Alan told me to get out and turned me around facing the
truck. Alan pushed me over, face down on the seat, he spread my legs wide and
lifted my skirt. I was standing spread open when I saw the attendant get behind
me. I heard him babbling thank you's to Alan, as his zipper came down and his
pants dropped. His hands roamed around my ass and thighs, poking into my soaked
pussy. "Gawd she's a fine piece of meat," he said as his fingers entered me.
"Fill her up," laughed Alan as a cock pushed it's way into my slit. Grubby
hands were on my shoulders and neck as the attendant slammed into me making me
loose my footing. He pumped back and forth hard and fast, my legs flailing
around him. I was grunting at the assault, this boy hadn't had any pussy in a
long time, and he was making up for lost time. Finally I heard him grunt as his
seed splashed over my cervix, he kept pumping and saying "Fuckin whore, fuckin
whore, fuckin whore." Alan pulled him off and told him to come to the "Bull
Pen" later for another try. He said he definitely would. Alan told me to get
back in the truck, and to put my hand under my slit so no cum got on his
seatcovers. As we drove the Cum slid out of me puddling in my hand, I told Alan
and he just laughed and told me to eat it. I put my hand to my lips and lapped
up the cum, licking my palm. Again he pulled up my skirt and continued to spank
my pussy lips until we arrived at the bar.

        The sign was flashing in the night sky, "The Bull Pen," Alan pulled me
aside and kissed me deeply, here's your favorite fantasy baby hope you enjoy it
as much as I'm gonna. He gave me lots of instruction and I nodded in agreement,
then we walked inside. I swung my hips and moved in my most seductive way as
instructed, one after another eyes were turned toward me. Everyone greeted
Alan, some hooted and hollered as we walked to the bar. It was like all those
Western Bars you see in the movies, wagon wheels, cow skulls, spurs, guns, and
pictures of cowboys on the range. Everyone was dressed in hats and boots, most
were men but there were about ten women there. There must have been fifty
people there at least, and it was still early. The bar was huge, built in an
oval that sat in the middle of the large room, there were several hallways
leading to other parts of the bar all around. Alan led me to a barstool in the
back away from the door, he told me to sit. As I climbed up to the stool the
skirt was too short to hide anything, and when I sat down my wet Pussy was in
full view, the men were all staring, a cheer went up as Alan said, "spread
those thighs Slut." Alan began to circulate in the crowd leaving me there
blushing. The men came closer not trying to hide their stares at my crotch.
"Howdy Babe, what's your name?" As instructed I answered, "I'm little Cum Slut
Sir,"  he just laughed and said "I'll bet you are." Another asked me what I was
doing here, and as Alan had told me I answered, " I'm here to have your Cum,
Sir," "Yah baby your gonna have it allright," he smirked. Another one said,
"Hay Cum Slut, you can start with mine." Now I was blushing red because Alan
had told me whenever someone used the name "Cum Slut" I had to answer by
saying, "Please spank my slutty pussy Sir, please." He slapped my bare pussy,
you could hear it all over the bar, I was following Alans orders and the men
were loving it. "Cum Slut," "Please spank my slutty pussy Sir...SLAP, "Cum
Slut," Please spank my...SLAP, "Cum Slut," Please..SLAP, "Cum Slut," SLAP, "Cum
Slut," SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, SLAP. My Pussy was burning and bright red from the
spanking it was getting, it was also dripping wet, I was starting to Cum. The
slapping continued till I began to Cum, shaking and moaning as my nectar seeped
>From my slit. "Look at that Fuckin Whore go, I want that now" men were saying
things like that all at once, I was dizzy from the level of arousal I was
under, Cocks appeared all around me, hands were pulling at my legs and breasts.
My skirt was unbuttoned and my shirt was opened, Alan appeared and put his
strong arms around me leading me into the center of the room. He held me for a
moment and I felt so safe and secure, this was crazier than anything I had ever
done or thought about doing. I was scared by all those men, they were so drunk
and hot for me, I was glad Alan had stopped them before it was too late.

        Alan raised his hand and the men quieted down, he waited till it became
quiet. He turned me to the crowd and asked me my name, "I'm Little Cum Slut,
Sir." "Welcome to the Bull Pen, Cum Slut," Alan had said my name, "Please spank
my slutty pussy, Sir," another roar went up as Alan bent me backward and
started to spank my exposed lips, over and over. "Go, go, go, go, go, the chant
filled the bar. Women were screaming it too, I was crying as I endured the pain
and humiliation. He finally stopped and said, "it's time you rode the Bull," I
was terrified, I had never touched an animal that way, and not a monster like a
Bull. I was relieved when he led me to a mechanical Bull in a corner of the
bar. Men were setting chairs up around it, I was picked up and placed on the
Bull, Alan tied my waist and legs on, men climbed on the chairs and dropped
their pants revealing their swollen Cocks. The Bull began to move up and down
and side to side slowly, the men were jerking off looking at me. The bull moved
faster, and the men jerked themselves faster, I was trying desperately to hang
on, even tied it was difficult. The men were calling me names and laughing,
shouting out what they were going to do to me. The bull was bucking and
spinning, as the first of the men shot their Cum at me. It hit my shirt above
my left breast, then my shoulder. Cum started flying, hitting me on the legs,
arms, face, streaking across my hair, strings of Cum attaching themselves
across my face and body. I started to Come again, shaking and making incoherent
sounds New men replaced the ones who had spent, my shirt was sticking to my
skin, I was drenched with Cum, it dripped into my mouth Cum was flying off my
body as quickly as it was being deposited there. I was still cumming as the
Bull stopped moving but the men continued spraying me. Now their shots were
landing squarely on my face and chest. I was a Cum Slut, more than ever in my
life.   I licked at the Cum trying to catch it with my tongue, licking it off
my lips.

        Alan untied my shaking body and had to support my wobbly legs as he
took me down one of the hallways, the men followed, making comments and
laughing. I was beginning to regain my balance a little, my vision was blurred
by the cum in my eyes. Alan announced to the crowd that the party was about to
begin, he pushed me into the crowd and told them to rape me like the whore I
was. They grabbed at me squeezing my Tits and fingering me as they kissed and
licked my face. One turned me around and slapped my face several times calling
me a dirty whore and a filthy Slut, hands ripped off my blouse and skirt,
leaving my Cum soaked body exposed, the white collar and boots and the red
garters and black stockings, made me look like the whore I always was. I was
beginning to feel my Cum rising again, Strong hands squeezed and pinched at my
big tits, I was crying and moaning as they laughed and forced me to my knees.
The one who slapped me told me to kiss his boots, when I hesitated, he slapped
me hard across the face and pushed my head down. I fell to his feet kissing and
licking his boots. I felt a foot on my back keeping me down as I was
humiliated.

        "Beg for our Cocks" they said, "beg," I pleaded with them to let me
rest and someone pulled me by the hair and spit in my face. I began to beg for
their Pricks, which appeared all around me. My head was held as Cocks poked and
slapped at my face pushing in my mouth and gagging me. My body began to shake
and Cum as I began to suck, I don't remember how many cocks I ate, but each one
unloaded gobs of Cum down my throat. Some of the guys were jerking off in a
beer mug and they handed it to me and ordered me to drink it. I did as they
told me, and they laughed as they fondled me. Then I was pulled to my feet and
dragged to another part of the room I saw a large pool table covered with a
thin mattress. They picked me up and put me on my back on the pool table, my
head hanging over the edge. Hands held down my arms and legs, I watched them
approach, my head hanging toward the floor upside down, A Cock leveled at my
face, plunged in my mouth and down my throat. One by one they Fucked my throat
depositing their hot Cum for me to swallow.

        The women came around me and moved the men away, "Poor baby," they said
and "don't worry we'll help you honey," they helped me up and off the table,
Cum dripping from my sore body and mouth. Then one woman felt the Cum on my
cheek, she tasted it and said, "Hay bitch this is Charlies Cum, what the hell
you doin suckin Charlies Cum." I tried to say something but she slapped my head
and I fell forward over the pool table. This City Whore had been trying to
steal our men's Cum. "Let's show this City Bitch she can't come here and take
our men's Cum."

        They laid me over the table on my stomach and they tied my hands across
it as they tied my legs apart to the tables legs. Hands began to spank me hard,
they were saying I was a dirty Cum Slut. They slapped and spanked me, telling
me what a bad girl I was, that I wasn't worth shit. They scratched my thighs
with their nails and dug them into my sore Butt as they continued to degrade me
saying, I was a worthless piece of shit. They said I should be treated like the
shit I was and they told me to I better beg to have their men Fuck my Ass. I
began to protest, it was all too much by now, part of my brain just wanted out,
but another wanted more. The Slapping and spanking began again, then I saw a
woman come toward me with a pool que, "beg to have your ass Fucked by the men,
or I'll Fuck it with this."

        I begged, but they said I wasn't convincing enough. They told me to
plead with them and to say "Pretty please Fuck my Slutty AssHole." I did as I
was told, begging and pleading to have Cocks up my Ass. Finally I felt my Ass
being spread wide as someone spit on my hole, and A big Cock was forced in my
hole inch by inch. A woman climbed on the table pulled up her skirt and pulled
my mouth to her Pussy. One after the other the men Fucked my Ass, Cumming on me
and in me. Each guy did it more than once. The women took turns having me lick
their pussies as they cheered on their men.

        My Ass was burning when they released me. I collapsed to the floor,
covered with their Cum. The women dragged me by my ponytail to the bathroom, it
smelled like piss in there, and they sat me on the cold floor at the toilet and
pulled my head back over the bowl. My hair was in the water as they tied my
head in place, as many men as could fit had followed to watch. One by one the
women came in the stall, straddled my face, and Pissed on me. They said they
were cleaning off the little Cum Slut Whore, it was dripping all over me, then
one pissed in my mouth and made me swallow it, then another and another.  They
left me there as I moved in and out of consciousness, my body numb from the
abuse and the constant orgasms it had endured.

        Alan came in later, attached the leash, and told me to get up and
follow him, I tried but I couldn't walk, I had to crawl behind him. Everyone in
the bar cheered as I was led through the crowd. Alan led me to an alley behind
the bar where they put the garbage, most of the crowd from the bar followed, he
made me kneel and told me to thank him for such a wonderful party.

        I thanked him for teaching me to be a good little Cum Slut and for
using me like the worthless Whore I am, I swore I would always serve him, and
do anything he wanted me to do. Then he said, "what about your husband?" I
swore that Steve meant nothing to me that only his Cock was my master. He told
me that when I moved here, I would be used as the private Cum Slut of the "Bull
Pen" to service any and all of the patrons who wanted it. I swore I that would,
the crowd laughed and cheered.

        Alan said I had one more test to prove that I am worthy of such an
honor. He called to someone and a couple of Bums walked over to me, they were
drunk and ugly. Alan said to the Bums, "It's your lucky day boys, wanna Fuck
her?" The Bums weren't so drunk that they would pass up a golden opportunity
like that. As everyone watched, the Bums pulled me to the ground, between the
garbage pails and Fucked me in the Mouth, Pussy, and Ass, over and over, then
they made me lick them clean.

        Alan wrapped me in an old blanket and made me ride in the back of the
Pickup, he said I was too dirty to ride up front, and I smelled of Piss and
Shit. A guy from the bar came out with a beer mug full of milky white liquid.
"One last Cum cocktail before you go" he said as he handed me the glass. The
crowd watched as I raised the mug and downed it licking my lips, they cheered,
then I threw up all over myself, they cheered even louder. I could hear them
cheering as Alan drove away with me like a sack of manure lying in the back of
his truck. It was almost morning when we reached the ranch, Alan opened the
tailgate and told me to get out. He took the leash and led me to the Stable. He
put me in a stall pushed me to the dirt and straw, and stood over me smiling.
He opened his fly, took out his Cock, and pissed in my face. I got to my knees
and told him I was his Slave, and I would do always be his Cum Slut He walked
out smiling and locked the gate, "When you wake up, I'm gonna teach you how to
really ride a horse," he said as he went back to his house, I came once more
before I fell asleep.

        Kathy, I'll write you next week and tell you what happened, I hear
Steven coming home and I don't want him to see this letter and find out why I
want to move to Arizona sooner than we planned.

        Love Ya sweetie,
                        Babette (Little Cum Slut)

        I couldn't believe it, but the pictures were right in front of me, the
bar stool with the Pussy spanking, the Bull ride with the Cum flying, The blow
jobs with the lines on men waiting, the pool table, and even her with the Bums.
I don't know how long I can keep from showing her that I know, I'll wait until
I see if I find the next letter. I want to be sure I know everything about my
filthy whore of a wife, then I'll plan my revenge.

          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in part 3 - outwest3.txt




----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                  OUTWEST3.TXT

                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:
                            Babette's Trip Out West
                                   Chapter 3

                                       By
                            Steve the Sucker Husband

      A week has past since I found Babette's letter to Kathy describing what
happened on her trip to Arizona to check out our new land. I copied the
pictures she had of her whoring at the western bar, and I intercepted this
letter as she left it in the mailbox for the postman to pick up. It had been a
rough week, knowing what I did about my tramp of a wife, and not wanting to
reveal it until I had all the information I wanted. She had done more in her
first whole day in Arizona than most tramps do in years.

      I still couldn't believe that this was the mother of my children, the
woman I loved for so many years. I couldn't wait to open the letter to find out
what else went on her trip, but I also didn't want to know how degraded she had
become. I opened it carefully so I could copy it and reseal it, I scanned in
each page not wanting to read it yet. I got it resealed and in the mailbox just
as the postman arrived, good she'll never know I know...yet. The letter was to
Kathy again continuing where she had left off last week.

Kat,

      So far so good, Steven doesn't suspect anything, I'm glad, I want
this move to go all right, I can't wait till we're living in Arizona and I can
see Alan regularly.

      I last told you about the first day with Alan on the plane, the
ranchhands, the gas station and the "Bull Pen." Remember I was left used and
soiled in the stable. I found out I slept most of the next day, and didn't
awake till night time.

      I remember dreaming of Cocks. Hundreds of Cocks, squirting and spraying
me with their precious Cum.  I dreamt of our High School days too, the time we
picked up those salesman in the hotel, wearing those little girl outfits as
they spanked us, and made up suck their "lollipops, and the Football team from
Central that cornered us in the gym and gangbanged us.

      I was uncomfortable asleep, I was itchy and sore and I couldn't get
comfortable. I remember it started raining, I felt drops on my face, first a
few then more. I heard voices from far away as the rain splashed my face. The
voices grew louder, the rain increased, suddenly I jolted awake. It wasn't
raining, there was a circle of guys standing over me jerking off on my face, a
wad of Cum hit my mouth as I sat up. "Welcome back to the world Slut," I heard
Alan say as the ranchhands laughed and zipped up their spent Cocks. I just sat
there for a moment realizing what had happened the day before. "Why your
blushing, how cute," Alan commented as he grabbed my hair and pulled me
outside. He threw me to the ground and turned the hose on me. It was freezing,
but he ordered me to turn around and get clean. I was soaking, freezing in the
cold night air, Alan just laughed, "Wait here," he said and he walked off
toward his house. I stood their shivering for what seemed like hours, then from
the house, Alan called me in. I ran to the house glad to find some warmth. "Go
to the bedroom, shower and dress, and make it sexy, understand?" I nodded and
ran to the shower. I spent a long time cleaning myself, I spent almost as long
in front of the full length mirror looking at the bruises and scratches on my
body. I found some aspirin and took it as my body ached, especially my Ass Hole
and Pussy. Alan didn't bother me, I spent almost two hours there, then I went
to the bedroom and dressed. Alan had left out an outfit he bought for me with a
note, "Put this on."

      I dresses in the outfit, it was one I would have never picked myself. It
was purple, yuck, a slit skirt, halter top, garters, fish net stockings and
spike heels, with a matching beret, all purple. I walked into the living room
where Alan was and waited for him to tell me what to do. He saw me but said
nothing so I just stood there. "Get me a shot of Scotch." I went to the bar and
poured the Scotch and brought it to him. He took it and said, "You look like a
cheap whore, get on your knees and Suck my Cock." "First" he said, "get me the
riding crop." I walked to the desk and got the crop and handed it to him. He
smacked my tits with the crop I dropped to my knees and unbuttoned his pants
and took out his Cock. I was getting wet looking at his long hard Cock, my
mouth was beginning to water as my head moved toward it. As I was about to take
it in my mouth he said, "Stop," and smacked my tits with the crop, I froze
there with my mouth open not wanting to disobey him. "Ask nicely." "Please, may
I suck your Cock." "Sure Slut suck away," I dove at it pulling it in my mouth
sucking it deep as I savored the feel and taste, I gave him my best blow job,
working my mouth down it's full length sucking and licking it as I gently
massaged his Cum filled Balls. He seemed to enjoy it as I worked on him, he
grabbed my hair used the crop on my Ass and held my head as he came, I
swallowed his cum as it squirted in my mouth. "You missed your riding lesson
today, we'll do it tomorrow." he told me as he got up and fastened his pants.
"Follow me," I followed him out to the truck. He didn't say a word as we drove
down the road I sat still and stayed quiet. We drove quite a while, Alan turned
on to the Interstate and turned on his CB. "Breaker, breaker, anyone want some
hot pussy tonight, come back," I looked at him and he smiled, "Your gonna have
a good time tonight Lounge Lizard." I didn't know what he meant then, I would
learn. "Breaker for that Hot Pussy, Come back" the CB blared. Alan got on and
said, "There's a hot pretty Pussy who's dying to Suck some truckers and it's
free fellas, come back." The CB was alive with responses, "me," "me too,"
"count me in on that hot pussy," Alan gave a mile marker and told them to drive
in for a real hot blow. We drove a few more minutes and turned in to a deserted
rest area with a large building that was closed. Alan grabbed a crow bar, and
told me to get out, I followed him to the building. He broke the chain lock on
the door and pushed me inside. He lit a coleman lantern and told me to get on
my knees. He went out and returned with a sign and put it beside me, it said
"Free Cum Slut, Sucks Trucker Cock, Enjoy," he had put a similar sign out by
the rest area entrance. It didn't take long before the trucker arrived, I heard
the squeal of tires and the hiss of the air brakes as one by one they pulled in
and parked. Soon the first trucker entered the building, "Damn" he said as he
saw me kneeling there and read the sign, "my lucky day." He was unzipped and in
my mouth so quick I almost forgot what to do, "Suck Bitch," he ordered, and I
did. Before he dumped his load three more truckers were lined up waiting, I was
cumming as the third came in my mouth, eight more were lined up, as the sixth
Came in me I came again, there was a line outside the door. I sucked and
swallowed quarts of Cum from those truckers, it must have been hours, my jaw
ached and I was feeling full and satisfied. When the last one had finished,
Alan appeared smiling and told me to get back in the truck. We drove further
along, I smelled of Cum and the taste wouldn't leave my mouth. "Open those Slut
thighs," he said, I did and he began to spank my bare Pussy again. "Tell me
what a Slut you are," As he spanked me I told him what a dirty tramp I was, how
I needed Cock all the time, how I would do anything for a load of Cum. He
laughed and agreed spanking my Pussy all the time, I came twice during that.

      Alan pulled into a small State Police station on the Interstate, "Stay
here," he ordered. He went inside and it was a half hour till he came back.
"Get inside," he said. I did what he asked, walking into the station to the
glares of five officers. "Remember what I told you at the "Bull Pen," he said,
I nodded yes. He pushed me to the desk where the sergeant was sitting. "What's
your name," the sergeant asked me, "Little Cum Slut," I answered as before.
"Cum Slut?" the sergeant asked, "Please, spank my slutty Pussy sir, please," I
recited. I was surrounded by the other four officers. My hands were placed
behind my back and handcuffs were put on my wrists, I was dragged to a cell and
laid on a metal bunk. They spread my legs and cuffed them apart then the
sergeant came in. SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, my pussy was getting bright red again, it
was also getting very wet. SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, the Sergeant was enjoying this,
his officers were taking off their uniforms, one by one they mounted me and
Fucking my pussy and dumping their loads on my face and lips. I came as they
used me, licking up the Cum I could reach, when they were through they took me
to the front desk and the sergeant told them to bend me over it.

      Two officers held me as the sergeant took out his nightstick. "Kiss it
Slut," I did and the next thing I knew it was being shoved up my Ass.
"Owwwwww," "Ugghhhh," I grunted and moaned as the stick flew in and out of my
sore Anus. Over and over it plunged in and out until I screamed as I came and
shook like a rag doll. When they uncuffed me I collapsed to the floor, I could
hear the sergeant telling Alan not to worry about the tickets, they were all
taken care of.  Alan took me back to the car and drove back to the ranch. I got
to sleep in his bed that night, his Cock in my mouth.

      When I awoke I was back in the stable. A splash of cold water and a smack
on the Ass  made me jerk awake. Move it Puta, another smack on my Ass made me
get to my knees. Smack, I began to crawl, the bridal was back on me, I was
being led by the big Mexican. I followed the Mexican through the stable. A gate
was opened and I was led inside. It was a large stall, I could see the horse
standing there, "riding lessons Slut" the another said as I saw them untie a
horse from the post. I was pulled to my feet and dragged to a corner of the
stall, there was a platform built there, it was at a 60% angle about 4 feet
from the floor.

      They pulled me on the platform, belly down, my waist at the end, my legs
hanging below me. My arms were stretched and tied in front of me, as my legs
were spread and tied far apart. There laughter cut through me, I started to
speak, to plead with them, but my hair was pulled, my head raised, and a foul
smelling rag stuffed in my mouth. Another rag was tied around my mouth to gag
me.

      I heard the horse moving and the men laughing, saying "she's really gonna
find out what a Cock feels like now." The horse was making all kinds of sounds
as it raised up and put its legs on the platform in front of me, I was scared
it would step on me. The other one was holding the horses rains leading it up
and steadying him, as I heard the Mexican behind me talking to the horse. "Come
on Stud you'll love it".

      The horses Cock was touching my Pussy, The guy must be guiding it, it
moved side to side and up and down, rubbing over my wet exposed Pussy. The gag
and rag were removed from my mouth, I started to scream, they just laughed,
"Want to tell us something Slut?" I was going to beg them to stop I opened my
mouth and said PLEASE.....At that moment the horse lunged forward. Incredible
pain as my Pussy was being forced apart, my thighs ached as the monsters Cock
drove into me, "UUUUuuuuuugggggggghhh hhhhhh." I passed out, but was quickly
revived as more water was thrown in my face, my body was being pounded as the
Horses Cock drove in and out of me. My Tits were scrapping the platform as my
body was pushed back and forth as the Animal pumped into me,
"UUUUUUuuuggggggghhhhhhhhh." I was drooling and making sounds like an animal
myself as the Huge Cock Fucked in and out. "You love it , don't you Slut, you
love it?" "Tell me how much you love being Fucked by a Horse, Puta, Tell me",
my face was slapped over and over, my Pussy was being raped by the crazed
Horse, "say it Slut you love it don't you, don't you?" "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS" "Yes
I love it" "I love the big dirty Horse Cock, I love it" "I love it" "Please"
"Yes, Please." "Arghhhhhhhhhhhhh," the hot Cum squirted into me like a fire
hose, flooding into me like a river, filling my Cunt and pouring out and down
my thighs. "Aggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh" the horse pulled out splashing by Ass, back
and hair with its hot Cum, my Cunt was spasming and my body shaking, as I came
harder than I had ever imagined. The horse was grunting and snorting as it was
led away and retied, I was shaking and babbling, over come by my orgasm.

      My hands and feet were untied, and I collapsed to the floor, "Now you can
thank me slut" I looked up and Alan was stroking his hard Cock smiling and
beckoning to me. I pulled my self to my knees and started to crawl toward him.
Horse Cum dripping from my body I crawled to Alan and stayed there on my hands
and knees waiting, I said "Yes Master," my head was raised and his Cock slid
into my mouth, I sucked it hungrily, trying to swallow it whole. I was crazy
for his Cock, I didn't know that I wanted it so much, that I needed it so much.
I Sucked and licked it pushing my head over it sucking it in my throat and
slurping the length as I pulled my lips back. I wanted it so much, massaging it
with my mouth as I whimpered and moaned. Bobbing my head faster and faster
Sucking and licking, "mmmmmmm," pulling his hips in as I swallowed it in my
throat.

      I was a slave to Alan's Cock, in love with it, I wanted only to please
it, taste it, swallow its sweet Cum. I kissed it, the head, the shaft, the
root, telling it how much I loved it. I rubbed it across my lips and face, over
my eyes and cheeks. "I love you" I told his Cock, "I need you, please always
let me serve you, please" I bent my head and licked your big balls swirling
them in my mouth sucking and licking each one, "Ilove you, I will always be
your Cum Slut, your Fuck Doll, my Mouth, Pussy, and Ass belong to you." Alan
pulled my hair, making me look at him and he said "SUCK IT ALL SLUT, EVERY
DROP," which I did lovingly.

      I'll write more later Kat, there's so much to tell you.

                           Love Ya,
                        Babette (Little Cum Slut)

          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 4 - outwest4.txt




----------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  OUTWEST4.TXT

                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:
                            Babette's Trip Out West
                                   Chapter 4

                                       By
                            Steve the Sucker Husband

      Again I was able to intercept Babette's next letter to Kathy, I was
getting good at this, I got it scanned and resealed in less than five minutes.
There was a perverse pleasure I was receiving from the exploits of my Slut
Wife. I found myself looking forward to her next account of degrading conduct.
I had no classes today and as soon as she left I began to read the letter.

Kat,

      I still remember every detail of that fabulous trip to Arizona, it has
been a new beginning for me, I'm a Born Again Slut and I love it. I can't wait
till we finally move there, I asked Steve last night if we could speed up our
timetable and move three months sooner. He acted kinda funny, and for a minute
I thought he might know something, but that's crazy, how could he know what I
did a thousand miles away. Just to be sure I gave him a surprise last night, I
crawled into bed and gave him a great Blow Job. He really enjoyed it as I
licked his balls and spent a lot of time working him up. I closed my eyes and
thought of Alan's beautiful hard cock as I deep throated Steve. "Mmmm," Steve
dropped quite a load in my throat. Funny though, I swear I heard him call me
"Cum Slut," but it must have been my imagination. After all I was thinking so
hard about Alan and the things he made me do on my trip. The last thing I told
you was about my riding lesson.

      Alan let me rest the next day, my Pussy was so sore from that horse, I
could hardly walk. Alan had a friend who was a Veterinarian come and see me, he
put some kind of cream in my pussy and ass that really soothed the soreness,
I've been wasting my time with regular MD's, this guy was good. I paid for the
treatment by letting him Cum in my face as I knelt and begged for his Cum.
After my day of rest, Alan told me we were going to Mexico. I dressed in a
white Summer dress, no underwear and white shoes and socks. My hair was put in
pigtails and I wasn't allowed to put on any makeup except for my eye liner. It
made me look like a 16 year old girl, I think that's what Alan had in mind.

      As we drove down to Mexico, Alan had me lift my dress again and he
spanked my bare Pussy most of the way, I came twice before we crossed the
border. I was surprised as we pulled up to an old Spanish mission and Alan
pulled me into the church. He gave me instructions which made me blush a deep
red, I nodded and followed his instructions. As Alan sat in the pews, I walked
to the confessional and sat inside. It was like a telephone booth with a wood
bench and a wood lattice separating it from where the Priest sat. The Priest
asked all the usual stuff and then said "tell me your confession my daughter,"
As instructed I raised my dress to expose my pink naked Pussy, put in three
fingers and started to frig myself as I began Confession.

      I began with telling the Priest about Steve and my children, and then
about how I acted on the plane. I was getting worked up by masturbating,
revealing every detail of my sinful behavior, I thought the priest might hear
me softly moaning in between sentences but I had my instructions. I told about
the nite in the Bar, with no names of course, and how I came and came as the
men spilled their seed in my mouth, pussy, and ass. I was sweating and starting
to Cum as I told about the stable and the Horse, I could hear the priest gasp
as I spoke. He was moving around a lot in the other booth. I began to moan
louder as my orgasm overtook me, and the priest ordered me to kneel before the
lattice, I knelt, still with my fingers in my pussy, as spurts of Cum shot
through and landed on my face and neck. A long dark Cock pushed through and the
voice said "Stick it in your mouth, stick it in your mouth," I opened wide and
moved my mouth to swallow the spurting Cock. I sucked the sweet Cum over my
tongue and swallowed it gulp by gulp. When it finished the Cock was pulled from
my lips with a pop and the priest told me to get out of the church and never
come back. I ran out of the church, cum dripping from my lips, two old women
sitting outside the confessional, saw me and crossed themselves as I fled.
Outside, Alan was in the truck with the door open. I jumped in and we drove
off. Tears were rolling down my face, mixing with the Cum. As I tried to wipe
it Alan ordered me to leave it. He said a Slut should have her face covered
with Cum. It dried on my face and neck as we drove through the hot Mexican
desert, again my dress was raised, and my pussy spanked. Alan stopped in a
small town by mid day, we went into a Cantina and he sat me at a booth in a
crowded section. He went to the bar and ordered a drink. There were women
there, whores I guess from the way they were dressed, Alan was with two of them
laughing and touching them as they tried to get him to buy them for a while.

      Some of the men were looking at me, they were pointing to my face and
telling each other something, they would laugh and stare, more and more of them
became aware of me sitting alone in the booth. One of the men went up to Alan
and they spoke, the Mexican came back smiling, and started speaking to his
friends. Two of them came toward my booth and sat down on each side of me,
pushing in real close. They just stared and smiled for a few minutes, I noticed
their bulges and they noticed me looking. "Why does such a young girl look at a
man's pants," the tall one said. I couldn't answer. "Maybe she has never seen
what a man uses to make babies," the other said, as I blushed. "What is your
name sweet one," the tall man asked. I answered with Alan's new instructions,
"My name is Babette sir, I'm only 16 years old." "Only 16 and so sweet," said
the other as his big hand landed on my thigh. I was sitting still, Alan had
told me not to resist anything anyone did to me. I could not act like a Slut,
but had to act like a Virgin that would not stop anyone from doing anything to
her. The hand pushed my dress higher as it moved on my thigh. "Let us see what
this young one has hidden under here," said the tall one as he raised my dress
and exposed my bare wet puffy slit. "Ai Chingada, look at this angels little
puta," he said as the other one started to rub it. Both their fingers rubbed
along my pussy dipping inside just a fraction of an inch. I was beginning to
get very hot as their fingers traced the shape of my cunt, I know my face
reveled what was happening to me. The other one dipped his fingers inside me,
they slipped in easily as the tall one opened my legs wide. Two fingers pushed
in and out of me, I started to moan softly. The fingers were removed and the
Mexican put them in his mouth. "Mmmm so sweet, like honey, try it Roberto."
Roberto, the tall one pushed his fingers up my slit past his knuckles, he
swirled them around, making me dizzy, my pussy began to drip, he removed them
and licked my nectar too. "Mmmmm, yes so sweet, so sweet is the little Puta of
a young girl like this, she is like my little nina Maria, but these, my Maria
doesn't have these." He put his whole hand on my left breast and squeezed hard,
kneading it as the other replaced his fingers inside me. I was moaning loudly
now attracting attention, my pussy was churning and dripping wet, my nipples
were rock hard, I wanted to grab their Cocks and plead with them to let me Suck
them, but Alan had forbidden that, I had to let them make all the moves. Sweat
dripped down my face as my eyes glazed. I looked at Alan he was enjoying it all
smiling as the whores were all over him touching him, rubbing his glorious
Cock. Roberto looked at Alan too, Alan nodded to him and smiled. Roberto took
my arm and pulled me from the booth, the other man followed as I was pulled
down a hall and into a room. Roberto pulled me to the bed and moved behind me
pressing his bulge into my Ass as his hands encircled me to squeeze my big
breasts. I moaned loudly as he squeezed and played with them, the other man ran
his hands up my legs and thighs feeling my now soaked pussy and grabbing my
Ass. I was fighting to remain as Alan wanted me, I needed Cock so bad. Roberto
unbuttoned my dress and let it fall to my ankles, he replaced his hands and
worked my Breasts squeezing and pinching the nipples. "little Puta, Angel,
Puta," he moaned as he rubbed his body into mine. The other went to his knees
and spread me so he could lick me. I gave out a cry as my pussy exploded in his
mouth, this made him attack it harder and faster, licking and sucking the lips
and my engorged Clit. My shaking body was theirs I was laid on the dirty bed as
they pulled off their cloths, two big luscious dark Cocks sprang to attention.
Roberto climbed between my legs and lifted them into the air and spread them
wide, the other jerked on his 8" Prick as he watched, smiling an evil grin.
Roberto drove his face into my Cunt driving me crazy lapping up my juice, then
he moved up on me , I saw his 10" Prick pointed at my slit. "You want it don't
you, don't you little Puta," I couldn't tell Roberto I did, Alan had forbidden
it, "Oh no, please no," I pleaded. The Cock sliced in to me as Roberto laughed.
"Ugghhhhh," it slammed into me knocking the wind out of me and triggering
another orgasm. I lay there shaking as the tall Mexican rode me like a Cantina
Whore, with it still fully in me Roberto held me tight and rolled over on his
back. I was on top of him, he pushed me into a sitting position and pulled me
up and down on his swollen Cock. My head flailed back and forth as wave after
wave of my orgasm rocked me. Then he pulled me to his chest and his hands
spread my Ass wide. The other man got on the bed behind me I felt his wet hand
rubbing my Ass Hole. "You want it in your sweet white Ass don't you little
Puta, you need it up your Ass don't you Angel," No, no, no, please don't put it
there please don't pu....," the Cock slamming up my Ass stopped my words, I was
pistoned between the two Cocks raping both my holes. I still hadn't stopped
Cumming, they kissed and licked my mouth, face, neck, and back as the Fucked
me. The bed squeaked and the springs sagged as the two of them rode me. They
were calling me little Puta, Angel, White Cunt, and Roberto even called me "My
Maria" as he shot his load in me, the other shot almost as soon as Roberto, we
lay there for quite a while.

      Roberto slid out from under us as the other, still hard, turned me over
and sat up with his Cock still deep in my Ass. I was sitting on his Cock on the
edge of the bed, "move little Puta, Fuck your self on me" the other said as
Roberto positioned himself in front of me. I began to move up and down on the
Cock in my Ass as Roberto's dripping Cock forced it's way in my mouth. I Sucked
deeply at the Cock I had wanted since they began to touch me in the booth.
Roberto had to hold my head still so it wouldn't slip from my mouth as I
bounced up and down on the other Cock. My Pussy juice was pouring down my
thighs and every time I slammed my Ass down on the Cock beneath me it made a
squishy sound. The men came at the same time Cum burning its way up my Ass as
it poured down my throat. I gulped it greedily savoring its texture and taste,
I reached up to squeeze the last drops out and licked the purple head as it
spent. Roberto pulled it out of my mouth, a long string of Cum trailed between
his Cock and my mouth as he moved away, when it broke it hung from my lips to
my right nipple. Roberto pulled me up from the others softening Prick and spun
me around, the other man grabbed my head and pulled it over his soiled Cock, I
could smell my Ass on it as he guided it into my mouth. On my knees I sucked
and licked it clean as Roberto slapped my Ass saying something in Spanish I
didn't understand. They picked me up and laid me on the bed again, I lay there
spread wide Cum leaking from my holes and smeared on my mouth. They left me in
the room, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the glow I felt come over me.

      It couldn't have been more than a few minutes when the door opened again,
I opened my eyes and saw a line of men standing there going down the hall. The
first entered, dropped his pants and mounted me, one by one men entered, Fucked
me, deposited their Cum in me, and left. I was in a constant state of arousal,
I forgot my "little virgin" instructions and moaned and screamed as each one
pounded his Sperm into me, when the last one had finished it was dark outside
the window. Roberto came in lifted me like a rag doll and carried me in his
arms back into the main room of the Cantina. Imagine how I looked, with my hair
in pigtails, looking so well Fucked, dripping Cum, dressed only in white socks
and shoes. The music was blaring and it was very crowded. I was brought to the
bar, and made to stand there. The men and Whores crowded around. Alan's voice
called out for me to squat, I did and a bowl was placed under my dripping
Pussy. They all watched and laughed as the Cum of countless men ran out of my
puffy bare Pussy and dripped into the bowl. "Squeeze it out little Puta," I
heard Roberto say, the others echoed him. I squeezed my Cunt muscles and felt
it sliding out of me, I could hear it plop into the bowl which was getting
pretty full by now, some even ran out of my Ass. One of the Whores took the
bowl and held it like a grand trophy. Holding it high and showing it all
around, then she lowered the bowl and circulated throughout the crowd. I saw
men pull their Cocks from their pants and jerk them over the bowl, squirting
their seed to mix with the rest. Alan told me to kneel on the bar, I looked
into his eyes, I wanted so much to be with just him right now, he must have
sensed it cause he said, "Later tonight just you and me Babe." My gaze was
broken as the bowl was placed in front of me, the bartender, a fat bald mad,
took my head and pushed it in the bowl and held me there till I thought I would
drown, he pulled up my head showing everyone my face completely covered with
dripping Cum. The crowd roared and laughed as they watched him dunk my face
over and over, then he held it there and said, "Lap it up bitch." I licked the
Cum like a dog, everyone was enjoying my humiliation, even me. before I was
finished, I was picked up and taken to one side of the Cantina. There war a
four foot post with a large iron ring on it. I was pushed to my knees, my hands
tied behind my back, a heavy collar was attached to my neck and I was locked to
the post with a  six inch chain, small ropes were tied to my pigtails and
anchored to the sides so I could barely move my head, the next thing I knew,
the rest of the Cum from the bowl was poured over my head covering my face and
body. The laughter was deafening, some of it because I licked at the Cum trying
to swallow what I could.

      The rest of the night I kneel there as the normal festivities carried on.
People danced and sang, Whores worked the crowd, and drinks were served. Every
now and then a drunk man would approach me and push his Prick into my mouth for
a quick Blow Job, or they'd just jerk off in my face. Twice a group of Whores
came over to me straddled my face and made me eat their last clients load from
their nasty Cunts. At about 11 that night I was really thirsty I asked for a
beer, Roberto and his friend brought me a bottle, opened it and held it out. I
couldn't take it because I my hands were bound behind me. Roberto laughed and
drank half of it then his friend lifted me some by the hair, and Roberto put
the bottle under my Cunt and pushed me down on it. "There's your beer little
Puta, no charge."

      I'd been there for hours my face and body covered with dried cum covered
by the new loads deposited on me, I had to pee so bad, "Please" I said, "I have
to Pee so bad," someone stopped the music and said "our sweet little Puta has
to Pee," one of the men came over took the bottle from my Pussy downed it
licking his lips and replaced the now empty bottle up my slit. "There you are
little lady, Pee" when I finally did it filled the beer bottle. They all
cheered. The music continued for another hour, when it finally stopped, Roberto
and Alan came to me, the crowd was watching, Alan had Whores hanging all over
him, they were enjoying my obvious discomfort and jealousy. I was unchained and
untied, they helped me to my feet, the bottle slipped easily from my wet Pussy,
I leaned against the post for support. Roberto said, "Let's have a round of
applause for our "Sweet Little Puta," the crowd clapped and cheered, then one
of the Whores gave me an evil look and told Alan to make me drink a toast to
the crowd, she then grabbed the bottle I had peed in and handed it to me.
"Drink the toast Babette," Alan ordered, I wanted to kill that Whore, then I
lifted the bottle and chugged it down. The cheering died down and the Cantina
began to empty, I was given a serape to cover my naked cum covered body, and
Alan walked me out to the local hotel. The desk clerk snickered as he saw me
under the light, he had been one of the ones that lined up to Fuck me earlier.
Alan and I went to the room, and I want to bath. All I could think about was
being alone with him to make love to him anyway he wanted. To kiss and taste
him, to hold him and love him. I was sparkling clean when I got back to the
room, I walked in so ready for him. He was naked lying on the bed on his belly,
he was so beautiful, "Alan" I called softly, "Alan." He answered half asleep,
"Huh," "Alan don't you want to make love to me?" "He said No, he was too tired,
my heart dropped, "Please," I begged. "No" he said, "if you want you can lick
my Ass," then he went back to sleep. I crawled on to the bed buried my face in
his Ass and licked it till I fell asleep.

            Love Ya Sweetie,
                    Babette (Little Cum Slut)


          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 5 - outwest5.txt


                                  OUTWEST5.TXT

                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:
                            Babette's Trip Out West
                                   Chapter 5

                                       By
                            Steve the Sucker Husband

        I got a shock today, when I arrived home and checked the mail, there
was another letter from Babette to Kathy, it had been returned by the
postoffice for insufficient postage. Lucky break for me, it was only two days
since she sent the last letter, I didn't think to look for one this soon. I
went upstairs and scanned it , replaced it in the mailbox with the proper
postage. Before I read it to find out what else my wife had done during her
infamous trip to Arizona, I got curious and started to search through her
things. I looked in her closet and there was the pair of white rhinestoned
Cowboy boots Alan had given her for her nite at the Bull Pen Bar in Stafford,
there were stains on it, Cum stains no doubt. The matching Dog Collar was
inside the left one. I couldn't stop thinking how unbearable it would be to
move to an area where so many men had used my wife and witnessed her Whorish
behavior with so many others. I wouldn't know which ones had had her, I would
be the laughing stock of the valley. Thinking about this I was strangly excited
to find out what else she did on her trip out west. I started to read her
latest letter to Kathy.

Kat,

        My body was exausted from the days of serving Alans desires, and my
spirit  was now crushed. I had grown to love Alan so much, more than I had ever
loved any man before. I was always able to separate my lusts from love, even
with Steve. I was always in control even when men thought they were using me,
it was what I had wanted to happen. Now I was a slave to my desire for Alan and
it seemed he didn't feel anything for me, but a part of my mind told me I could
win his love if I just obeyed his every command, I had to be able to make him
love me, I just had to. I lay there licking his Ass as he had told me, crying
myself asleep.

        I awoke to the sounds of  laughter and the grunts and groans of Lust. I
tried to move but couldn't, I opened my eyes, blinking at the rising sun coming
through the window, to find myself tied in a chair facing Alan's bed. He was
Fucking one of the whores from the Cantina as another was stroking and kissing
his body. He really was enjoying her, and she was lost in orgasm as his
beautiful long Cock sliced back and forth inside her. Alans body tensed and he
started to Cum, she let out a shrill scream as her eyes focused on me. His
delicious Cum wasted on that whore. Both whores began to laugh at me, "the
little Puta is up, look how sad she looks," the one under Alan said. Alan
seemed amused as the whores taunted me, they came up and started touching and
poking me, telling me what a poor little girl I was, and how Alan needed a real
woman to satisfy him. I started crying as they teased me. Alan came up and held
my face for a moment and looked in my eyes. I forgot everything but his eyes,
lost in my need and love for him. "Whats your name, " he asked me. "Little Cum
Slut" I answered. He smiled stroking his hard Cock so near to my face and asked
me if I wanted to taste his Cum. I said "Yes, oh yes, please Alan, I do." He
said, "Anita, give her my Cum." The Whore he had just Fucked climbed up on the
arms of the chair, put her hands on my head, and pulled it to  her dripping
Cunt, it stank but I licked and Sucked Alan's spent Cum from her as she laughed
at me. There was a lot of Cum that slid out of her and then I did the same with
the other whore. Alan dressed, and said "You've had your breakfast, I'm going
to get mine," and he left me tied there and walked out with them.

        I was there for a couple of hours I guess when Alan finally came back,
untied me and told me to dress. He handed me a bag and told me, "shave it and
put these on." Inside the bag were black garters and stockings, matching heels,
and a long black mini skirt length Tank Top that said "SLUT" across the front
in big white letters. The shirt was tight and my breasts jutted out stretching
the material. I reshaved my Pussy , dressed and we left the hotel, Alan said we
had to be back in Arizona by Noon, he reached over and fastened a red dogs
collar to my neck and snapped on a leash. The shirt didn't cover my Pussy when
I sat in the Truck, again Alan had me spread my thighs as he spanked my exposed
Cunt lips with the end of the leash. We didn't speak the whole time we drove
back toward the border. One of the border guards enjoyed himself as he looked
in the car and right at my crotch for quite a while. I had to pee but Alan said
there wasn't time, he kept spanking me which made it even harder to hold my
water. Another two hours past and I thought my bladder would bust, I pleaded
with him to stop and let me pee. Alan turned into a Truck Stop and drove around
back where the trucks were parked. He parked near three truckers who were
sitting on a bench out side the rest room. We walked toward the restroom,
pulling me along by the leash, and before I could go inside Alan pulled on the
leash and stopped me. The truckers were looking at my shirt and the clooar and
leash snickering as Alan told me I could go now. I tried to walk inside but he
held me back and told me to go right where I was. I couldn't believe it, the
truckers were right in front of me. He said , "squat and piss Slut." I must
have been as red as a beet when I lifted the shirt, squatted and began to piss
right there in the dirt. The truckers started pointing and making comments as I
did it while they watched. "Where'd you get that Slut," one asked. "Found her
in the garbage," Alan told them. "Think maybe you could share her, " another
asked. "Sure boys have some fun," Alan said as he pushed me toward them. I fell
forward to my hands and knees, he handed one the leash, as they got up and
surrounded me. "Let's get her inside so no one sees," said the first, I was led
into the Mens Room. They closed the door and moved to me. Hands lifted my shirt
and grabbed my breasts as two sets of hands spread my legs and felt my Pussy
and Ass. One guy put two fingers in my Cunt as another took out his 8" Cock and
started stroking it. The one with his Cock out said "put her against the wall"
and as they did he pushed himself between my legs and slid in me. My Ass was
pressed against the cold wall as he hammered my Pussy, licking my neck and
forcing his tongue around my mouth. He came and was replaced by another,
Fucking my sloppy Cunt till he came. The last one said, "Put her down, Ass up."
He took me from behind ramming my Pussy till he came. They left smiling and I
walked out head down and was led by Alan back to his truck. Alan wouldn't let
me in the truck till I dug my fingers in my Cunt and pulled out the cum and
licked it from my fingers. Several Truckers saw me and hollared crude comments
as they passed. Then Alan pushed me over the hood of the truck and spanked me
for making him stop. He told me I'd be punished if we were late.

        When we arrived in Tucson he looked at his watch and told me we were
late. I started to shiver, I didn't want to do anything to make him angry with
me. I pleaded with him to please forgive me, promising I would never make him
late again. He didn't say a word,  just kept driving. We turned into an
Industrial area, and he said I'd have to earn his forgiveness, I told him I'd
do anything to please him, he just smiled and said, "we'll see." We drove by
some more warehouses and parked. Alan led me by the leash, through the streets,
men on break were whistling and making crude remarks about me, calling me a
little slut. He just laughed and at one warehouse he took me inside.

        There were about 20 guys having lunch, big dirty men and lanky ones
with unshaven faces, they all stared at me as he led me toward them. Then Alan
raised my shirt, showing off my bare Pussy and said , "anyone want to Fuck this
Juicy Slut Cunt?" They all came closer as he held my shirt up, and tugged at
the leash. I was blushing real red as they approached looking right at my
Pussy. Whats the deal said a big Mexican, Alan told him I was a Slut and here
to be Fucked, and it would only cost them a Dollar each to have me.

        They started pulling dollars out and handing them to him as they took
the leash and pulled me behind some rows of crates. Alan followed and watched
as their hands were all over me grabbing my breasts  and Cunt hard and
squeezing and rubbing me. I was moaning and crying a little when my shirt was
pulled all the way off and they laid me on a box. One guy must have stepped on
the leash, because I couldn't move my head. Alan told them they had better
treat me like a filthy dirty Tramp if they wanted to get this again. The
Mexican grabbed my hair and slapped my face a few times. Other hands slapped my
legs, breasts and Ass. The Mexican spread my legs wide, running his corse
fingers all over my shaven pussy lips.

        With my legs spread apart the big Mexican rammed three fingers into me
like a punch. He kept up the pounding using more and more fingers. Four fingers
were pounding me, then Five, then I felt a flash of pain as his whole hand was
inside me. He made a fist and moved it back and forth. My brain was on fire,
the pain was incredible, I cried out only to have some tape placed over my
mouth. The pain began to be replaced by waves of pleasure when each of my
nipples was pulled away from my body, more pain, then hands kept slapping my
face. "Whore, filthy whore, dirty Tramp, Fuckin Cunt," different voices
degradded me as the punishment continued. With almost as much pain as It had
caused going in, the fist was pulled out fast. I fainted I think, because water
was thrown in my face jerking me awake. A big smelly hand was placed on my
mouth dripping with my juices as the 12" Cock slammed into me. My first orgasm
triggered as I was pummeled like a piece of meat, my Ass scrapping along the
wooden box. Other Cocks were put in my hands and being rubbed around my face. I
was being Fucked so hard I grunted as the Big one called me filthy names and
continued to pinch my nipples and breasts. The tape was ripped off my mouth and
a Cock forced its way in and pumped into my throat. I heard other men talking
and offering Alan the dollar he requested. One by one men spread my legs and
Fucked me hard, Cumming in me and squirting it on my shaven Pussy. As each man
Fucked me Alan made me say "Thank You for your beautiful Cock, can I please
have another." I lost count as men kept Fucking me again and again, Cocks in my
Pussy and Mouth, Cumming and squirting on me.

        One guy said he'd pay 50 dollars to Fuck my Ass, Alan told him my
slutty Ass was only worth 50 cents because I was a 2 bit Whore anyway. I heard
coins dropping all around as one after the other pounded up my Ass, I was
slapped and spanked as my Ass was being used, and all the time he made me thank
them and ask for more.

        Then when they were finished, Alan grabbed the leash, and forced me to
the cold floor my knees. He told the men to line up, and he made me beg to lick
their Cocks clean, I begged for the privilage of licking their filthy meat.
They acted like they didn't want me to, until a one little guy ran up from line
and started forcing his prick between my lips, then the others charged in and
they were pushing and shoving each other to see who was next. I sucked the
whole group of them as they laughed and took some poloroids of me doing it.
When a bell rang they started to leave yelling their thanks to Alan and they
returned to work. I lay there for a few minutes when hands lifted me and placed
me on a wooden palate, I heard a motor start up and felt a jolt as a fork lift
raised me up and drove outside. The noonday sun was blinding and I covered my
eyes till I was lowered and the sound of the motor got fainter till I could
only hear the sounds of cars and trucks driving by. I opened my eyes, they were
blurred from the Cum dripping all over my face. I realized I'd been left on the
street naked except for my garters and torn stockings. On the ground near me
was my "Slut" shirt, I quickly pulled it over my wet body, to cover myself from
the passing traffic. I just stood there in shock, Alan was no where in sight I
started to cry. I heard honking but didn't want to look till I heard Alans
voice. I looked and saw his truck across the street, I began to run to him, but
when I was half way there he threw somethings out the window and drove off.
When I reached the things he had thrown, there was my heels and a note.

        "Little Cum Slut, that was only part of your punishment, get your Slut
Ass moving and meet me back at the ranch and you'll receive the rest of the
punishment that you deserve. If you are a Worthless Slut Whore, then you must
come to me and do as I tell you without question, if not go home to your
Husband and you'll never see me again. Alan."

        That was all he wrote Kat, I'll tell you what happened in my next
letter.

            Love Ya Sweetie,
                    Babette (Little Cum Slut)

          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 6 - outwest4.txt






                                  OUTWEST6.TXT

                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:
                            Babette's Trip Out West
                                   Chapter 6

                                       By
                            Steve the Sucker Husband

      It was the next day when I found Babette's next letter. She must have
been so excited that she couldn't wait to tell her friend Kat the rest of the
story about her Whorish behavior. This was all too much, I couldn't believe
this was the woman I had loved and married, and trusted. How could any woman
behave like this, everything up till now was too terrible to imagine, but this
part was too much.

Kat,

      When I arrived at Alan's ranch it was almost midnight, there were no
lights on except the porch light, I went up to the front door and saw a note
pinned to it, it said: "Your room is the third stall in the stable, leave your
cloths on the porch." I stripped out of what was left of my shirt garters and
stockings, went to the stall, laid down on the dirty straw and cried myself to
sleep.

      I was with Alan he was naked and beautiful walking to me, he put his arms
around me and the heat from his body was like a healing force that took away
all the pain of my swollen abused body. I turned my face up to him and opened
my mouth to kiss him, he began to laugh and as he did his face turned into a
giant Cock that started growing longer. I tried to scream but the Cock forced
it's way into my mouth and down my throat, moving like a snake with a life of
it's own. It kept sliding down past my throat down into my body, past my heart
and stomach till I felt it push it's way out my Ass. The Cock wrapped around my
thighs and started to penetrate my Pussy forcing it's way back into me until it
disappeared completely inside me. The Cock squirmed and pulsated inside me
moving about, it grew hot and felt as if it were swelling. Then it started to
explode I felt the burning sperm fill me reaching every inch of my body till
Cum poured from my Pussy, Ass, and Mouth. I fell to the ground wallowing in the
flood of Seed that engulfed me. Get up, I had to get up before I drowned in it,
get up, get up. "Get up," the voice said, "get up Slut," SMACK, the blow from
the whip made me snap awake. The sunlight behind the man with the whip kept me
from seeing who he was, but it was the voice of the big Mexican ranch hand.
"Get up, Puta," SMACK, I got to my feet and stood there for a moment. The
Mexican grabbed me by the arm and led me outside to the yard. He pushed me to
the dirt, there were a lot of the ranch hands there staring at me smiling and
laughing. I saw Alan looking from the window in the house, he signaled someone,
and I felt a hose begin to spray me with ice cold water, the water stopped and
I was being sprinkled with laundry soap. "Wash Puta," I started to rub my body,
thankful for the chance to clean myself. I rubbed the soap over every inch of
my aching body, and washed my matted hair. The ranch hands made crude comments
as I rubbed my breasts and cleaned my thighs and Pussy. The hose came on again
full blast, I had to fight to keep from falling as it rinsed me clean. One of
the ranch hands came up to me with a towel and started to dry me, squeezing my
breasts as he enjoyed himself. Another from behind pulled a brush through my
hair snickering as he poked a finger up my Ass with his other hand. The one who
had dried me then shaved the stubble on my Pussy, I spread wide trying not to
move so I wouldn't be cut. When they were finished I was told to wait. I stood
there as they went about their morning chores.

      Alan came out later and walked around me, I couldn't look at him. He
said, "Are you ready for the rest of your punishment Little Cum Slut?" I nodded
yes and he began to dress me. He placed a buckskin thong around my waist which
had two rectangular pieces that hung down over my Pussy and Ass. He threw down
some moccasins which I put on and he attached a buckskin bikini top that just
barely covered my breasts. He then took a matching headband with two feathers
hanging down and put it on my head. He told me to turn around so he could see
what I looked like, then he put a bandana around my eyes and tied it. I heard
him say, "we're going to play Cowboys and Indians today," as I was led away by
someone. I was put in a truck and we drove. I could tell we weren't on the
road, it was too bumpy.

      We drove for about an hour, the driver took every advantage to probe my
bare Pussy lips, dipping his fingers in and out. When he would hit a big bump,
his fingers would slam into me by the time the truck stopped I had Come twice.
The sticky fingers were put in my mouth and I sucked them clean, then he
reached across me opened the door and said, "Get out." I stepped out of the
truck and it immediately drove away, I just stood there with the blindfold
waiting, but nothing happened. The sun was hot already and I was beginning to
feel sweat drip down my body. I was about to pull off the blindfold when I
heard the sound of running horses and men yelling, they were coming toward me.
I lifted the scarf and saw two cowboys riding fast at me, yelling, "There's the
Squaw Slut, get her." I got scared and ran, looking back as they were gaining
on me. Both of them were big and looked mean, They were yelling they were going
to get me so I kept running. One of the riders was getting close on my right,
he rode in front of me, I turned and ran but hit into the other riders horse
and fell to the ground sweating and panting. The first rider dismounted and
came toward me, I just stayed there on my knees. He pulled me up by the hair
and grinned at me, "well what we got here, a little Squaw Slut." He let go and
looked me over licking his lips. Suddenly a rope was thrown around me and
pulled tight, the other cowboy had lassoed me and was tying off the rope to the
saddle horn on his horses saddle. As I watched him, another rope went around me
and the first cowboy did the same with his rope. I was held tight, my arms
bound at my side, between the two horses. The first whistled to his horse and
the horse moved sideways pulling the rope tight. I was being lifted off the
ground, I started to fall back when my feet left the ground, but was caught by
the other one.  Now I was suspended horizontally, my legs hanging down but not
touching the ground. the Flap of buckskin covering my shaved Pussy was raised
up and the cowboy whistled. "Pure pink pussy," he said as he poked some fingers
in and twisted them around. I heard his belt and zipper, then my legs were
spread wide. The one holding my shoulders leaned over and stuck his tongue in
my mouth as a hard Cock was being pushed between my pussy lips. I was getting
very wet as the Cock slid inside me. The other cowboy grabbed my hair with one
hand and with the other undid his belt and zipper, pushing his pants down. The
first one was pulling me by the legs swinging my body back and forth, he stood
there as my body fucked him. The one at my head grabbed my shoulders again, my
head hung back and his Cock was inches from my face. As I was swung back and
forth the Cock at my face poked at my lips until I opened them and allowed it
to slide in my throat. They kept me moving as the Cocks at each end slid in and
out of me. My Pussy was creaming and the old hunger for Cum was getting so
strong. I sucked at the Cock in my mouth as my Pussy milked the one pounding my
crotch. My orgasm shook me as they exploded in both ends at once, I stopped
swinging as they both forced their squirting Pricks deep into me. I was
swallowing and gulping as the seed was pumping down my throat, my Cunt was
convulsing milking the other one. I felt like I was dreaming suspended there
Cumming when they pulled out of me. A string of Cum followed the Cock from my
mouth and attached itself from my lip to my forehead. I was being lowered to
the ground as I heard other voices, yelling, mad voices getting louder. I was
on the ground as the pull on the ropes went slack I heard one cowboy say, "Lets
get out of here," as the yelling and whooping got louder.

      I looked up to see a group of riders coming, they weren't cowboys, they
were almost naked, they were Indians. I actually felt relief as they got there,
and lifted me up, removing the ropes. I was held firm and brought to one Indian
still mounted on his horse. He was a tall man over six feet, naked except for a
loin cloth like mine. He leaned over and touched my face. His finger touched
the Sperm and wiped it, he looked at it then wiped it back on my face. I could
see his loin cloth move as he looked at me. His hand went to my top, grabbed,
pulled and tore it off me. His eyes got as big as his smile, and his thick
brown Cock pushed its way from under cover of the cloth. He spoke to the rest
of them, then lifted me to his horse and placed me over it on my belly. He
started to ride toward the mountains as the others followed whooping and
yelling. I could feel his heavy Cock as it slapped my waist as the horse
galloped, one of his hands squeezing my Ass cheeks as he rode. He said
something to me which I didn't understand and as I looked up, he lifted me and
turned me facing him. He lowered me and as I spread my legs to get them around
the horse, his 12" Cock touched my dripping Pussy. He just held me there for a
minute looked at me then slammed me down burying his flesh deep within me.

      I was impaled on a Cock that was as thick as a mans arm, he grabbed my
neck and pulled me to his chest. The motion of the horse was making my Pussy
react to the rhythmic Fucking it was receiving. My Orgasm started to build, the
animal passion of this wild ride was better than anything I had felt before. I
wrapped my arms around his muscular back and started to kiss his neck. He took
the reins and started to ride faster. The feeling was incredible, his Cock was
pulsating and the friction on my Clit was driving me crazy. I began to lick his
shoulders and neck, kissing his face while moaning and shaking. He started to
scream something as my Pussy was filled with torrents of hot Cum pumping inside
and filling me, I screamed with him overwhelmed by the force of my own Orgasm.
I just clung to him riding his Cock, it never got soft.

      The horse slowed and I saw we were entering a camp set up among some
trees by a small creek. There were lots of people there men and women, they
approached as we rode on. The women were pointing and talking as they saw me
still impaled on their chief, they didn't look happy about it. The chief lifted
me again and lowered me to the ground, I stood there as he dismounted, said
something to the others, and took me by the arm to his tee pee. He pushed me in
the opening and came inside. His loin cloth seemed to float like a magic carpet
as his huge Dick pushed it up. He looked at me, turned me around a few times,
opened my mouth and looked at my teeth, lifted the flaps of buckskin and
inspected my Pussy and Ass. His hands went to my 36D breasts and he began to
squeeze them. I had noticed that the women in the camp were pretty small
breasted, he seemed fascinated with my big round globes. He kept playing with
them rubbing and squeezing, pinching and pulling at the nipples which grew to
1/2" and got hard. The Chief bent his head and started to suck on my nipples,
one than the other. I was getting real horny again, remembering the feeling of
his magnificent Cock inside me. I looked down at it and it was standing proud
pointing at my face, he saw this and pushed me to my knees.

      He spoke and even though I didn't understand his language I knew what he
wanted me to do. It was what I wanted to do, I reached up and took his Cock and
moved my head to it. I kissed the Swollen head a few times, then started
kissing the long thick shaft. I kissed all the way to his big fat Balls,
licking them and moaning softly. He just stood there over me allowing me to
worship his Cock. My hunger for Cock had never been so great, I kissed and
licked it all over, rubbing it on my cheeks and eyes. I began to stroke it as I
tried to work my mouth over the head. I sucked the head inside wetting it with
my saliva. I wanted this great Cock so bad, I looked up and he was smiling. I
forced my head over it taking it in inch by inch. It was so thick it hurt my
lips to stretch so wide to get him in. I kept sucking and moving my head up and
down on it, getting it deeper each time. The Chief reached down and pulled on
my nipples, a shock shot through my body from my nipples to my Clit. I worked
furiously bobbing my head on his meat. My Pussy was drenched, my Ass tingled,
every part of my body ached for his Cock. The Prick was starting to swell and
contract, I felt his Balls churning as his seed was beginning to form. I Sucked
like the Slut I am, so hungry to taste him, desperate for his Cum to wash down
my throat. Just when I thought I was going to have it, he pulled it from my
mouth, I looked up at him desperately, "Please, please let me eat it." He just
smiled and pushed me on my back to the rugs on the ground. He squatted over my
and placed his huge Cock between my big Tits. He took my hands and made me push
my breasts together around it, as he began to Fuck back and forth. I saw some
braves looking in the Tee Pee as he was kneeling over me, the heat from his
Prick sliding between my breasts was wonderful, the stares of the others
excited me more. He began to grunt and he grabbed my head and pulled it
forward. I opened my mouth and the Cock pushed on my lips on every up stroke.
My tongue lashed out to meet it every time, I was rewarded with tastes of his
pre-cum deposited on the tip, which I greedily sucked. His grunting became
louder and the other men began a rhythmic chant. "Please," I begged, "please
let me taste it, please," He pulled my head hard, surged forward screaming
something as my mouth and face was washed with spurt after spurt of his burning
Cum. I swallowed and lapped my tongue at it as it flew through the air,
splashing all over my head. Then he pushed it inside my mouth and let me Suck
his spurting Cock. I came as I swallowed spurt after spurt of his thick creamy
Sperm. He released my head and let it fall back as a final spurt landed on my
cheek, I licked at it as he stood up and walked outside. I lay there
swallowing, tasting his wonderful Cum, wiping it from my face and licking my
fingers clean.

      I didn't notice the others come in but soon I was surrounded by hard
brown Cocks, hands rubbing and squeezing my breasts, then one by one they
repeated what the chief had done, grunting and bathing me in their hot Cum.
Finally, from pleasure and exhaustion I passed out. When I awoke again, there
was fruit and meat for me to eat in some bowls beside me. I didn't realize how
hungry I was, I really hadn't eaten much except Cum for the past few days. I
ate like an animal licking my fingers and the bowls clean of every last piece.
Then I slept the rest of the afternoon.

      That night there was singing and drum playing outside the Tee Pee, two
women came in carrying a bundle and woke me. They kept talking to each other as
they touched my hair and felt my rather large breasts. They got me to stand and
took off the thong around my waist and the headband, they combed my hair and
washed the dried cum from my body. Then they dressed me. They put on me a new
loin cloth, beautifully embroidered with beadwork, but only half as wide as the
other one. It barely covered my shaven Pussy when I stood still, there was no
cloth to cover my Ass. They put on a matching headband with two eagle feathers
hanging behind. The women began to apply some color to my eyes, cheeks, and
lips. Then they rubbed some on my hardened nipples.

      The women led me outside. I could see by the firelight a circle of braves
standing, waiting, in the middle of the circle was something I couldn't make
out. There were women standing in two lines, making a path to the braves. The
women who had dressed me led me to the lines of women and I felt a sharp slap
on my Ass with some kind of stick, which pushed me forward between the other
women. Suddenly they began to swing sticks at my back and Ass making me run
toward the braves. I was hit again and again as I ran between them, they cursed
me in a language I couldn't understand. As I reached the end of the lines of
women I was grabbed by the hair and fell to the ground on my back. They beat me
and whipped me with the branches, stinging my breasts and thighs. I began to
crawl away from them as they beat me shouting and taunting me. My eyes were
filled with tears as I began to run from them, but when I reached the circle of
braves I was thrown back and landed on the dirt.

      As I opened my eyes again I saw the circle of men close in on me, I
looked around and saw what was in the center of the circle. There was a barrel,
laid on it's side with two stakes in the ground several feet from each end,
beneath the barrel was a large piece of animal hide. I was crying for them to
please let me alone. The circle closed in and some torches were brought near, I
was grabbed and placed on my stomach, over the barrel, my hands and feet were
tied down spread apart. For a long moment there was silence, then someone
approached. Moccasin covered feet walked in front of my face. My hair war
grabbed and my head pulled up, I saw the chief kneeling before me, his massive
12" Cock touched my lips. In perfect English he said, "Suck, Slut!" As I opened
my lips he shoved his Cock into my mouth sliding it into my throat making me
gag for air. The pain of my mouth being stretched apart made me scream over his
meat, he laughed and began to Fuck his Prick in and out. When I thought I might
pass out from the abuse, My Ass began to sting as it was whipped by countless
branches over and over. "Suck, White Slut," The chief ordered and I began to
lick and Suck as he Fucked my face. My hunger grew as the massive Cock began to
leak pre-cum over my tongue. My Pussy began to drip and my nipples grew hard
and erect. The chief grabbed handfuls of my Tits and pulled them as he pumped
back and forth grunting and yelling for me to Suck him. I swallowed his Cock as
I strained to Suck his Cum from it, then I felt his hands release my sore Tits
and move to my raw Ass. He slapped it once then spread it so wide I thought it
would rip open. He called something and I felt someone move between my spread
legs and begin to push a Cock in my dry AssHole. The brave lunged forward and
impaled me as the Chiefs Cock again filled my throat. Tears flooded out of my
eyes as the Cocks pounded into me, soon the motion of my Ass Fucking forced my
throat over the chiefs Cock as he held still. Back and forth I would be rolled
on the barrel slamming my face into the chief. The first one came in my Ass and
was replaced by another who kept up the pace. One by one the braves raped my
Ass, I lost all sense of time. all I cold feel was the Cocks, swelling and
pumping in me. I Sucked wanting the Cum to wash into my mouth, I felt dizzy,
spinning, the Fucking was sending me into a state I had never felt. I lost all
sense of what or who I was. All I could feel was Cock. Throbbing, Hard Cock.
Burning Cum squirting up my Ass and the constant drip of Cum sliding over my
tongue and down my throat. I felt the Cock leave my mouth but I was lost in the
pounding my Ass was taking. Cock after Cock invading me, pounding, squirting,
leaving, and being replaced by another, then another, then another, then
another. Then it stopped, all I felt was the ache between my legs, and the
hunger in my mouth. I looked through my tear filled eyes and saw the chief
sitting a few feet from me, His magnificent Cock pointing to heaven glistening
in the torchlight. The ropes that bound me were released. I stared at the Cock,
that beautiful Cock. I slid over the barrel toward it. I began to crawl on my
belly staring at that Cock. I pulled my sore aching body over the dirt, I had
to reach that Cock to touch it, to love it, worship it. I pulled myself the
last few inches and looked up at it. I knew nothing except that I had to have
it. I reached out and touched it as if it was Holy, my hands came together in
prayer on the hard thick shaft. I pulled my face forward and kissed the root.
"I love you," I told the Cock, "I love you." I pushed out my tongue and began
to lick it. From the balls, up the shaft, to the swollen purple head, my tongue
licked it, savoring the feel and the taste of it. I kissed my way back down the
Cock and around the huge balls. Kissing and licking, sucking them into my mouth
and tonguing them softly. "I Love you," I told the Cock again, "You are my
Master. I kissed my way up rising as I could till my mouth was over the head. I
kissed it, licked it, and drove my face down over it. I pushed my head down
till I was choking, then slid up, licking and tasting every inch. Faster I
forced my head up and down, moaning as my Pussy began to quiver and leak. I
Sucked it deeply and began to bob my head up and down faster and faster. All I
wanted was that Cum, that sweet Cum. Faster and Deeper I moved my head, using
my hands on his hips to pull my head down. I was screaming and squirming in the
dirt as I drove my lips over him. Moaning and Sucking was all I knew. I pulled
my mouth off for a second and screamed "PLEASEEEEEE," then dove again to
swallow the Cock, as it exploded within me splashing down my throat filling my
belly with Glorious CUM. I kept Sucking and Swallowing as I passed out.

      Kat, I've got to finish this later, I came three times already while
writing this, I need to sleep now.

            Love Ya Sweetie,
                    Babette (Little Cum Slut)

      I'd read all I could stand, I couldn't believe what a filthy cheap Slut
my wife had become. When I got home from classes tonight I was going to
confront her with all the letters and the pictures. I can't wait to see her
face when I tell her I know, and when I get the revenge I've been planning.

           Concluded in Babette's trip Outwest part 7 - Outwest7.txt




----------------------------------------------------------------------


-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
<http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/><http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/faq.html>
