1STSWING.TXT 
Middleton, WI

     On Saturday night my wife, Sue, invited her sister, Pat, and Pat's 
new boyfriend over for drinks and to watch a couple of rented movies. We 
had never met Joe, but Pat had a lot of good to say about him so he had 
to be okay.
     Sue and I are 38 and try to keep ourselves in good shape, although 
the years do take their toll in places. I am six-foot-two, and about 210 
pounds. Sue is five-foot-seven, 128 pounds, and has long blonde hair 
that flows to her waist. Sue's measurements are 38C-24-36. Sue has no 
trouble turning the heads of other men -- and a few women -- when she 
walks down the street. Men love to see her braless breasts swing and 
sway under the tanktops she loves to wear in the summer. 
     Good looks must run in the family. Pat is an absolute knockout, 
although from the neck down you couldn't tell they were related. Pat is 
25, five feet tall, and about 100 pounds and also has very long blonde 
hair. She has very small breasts, beautiful eyes and -- oh yes -- a 
great mind <G>. I have admired Pat since the first time I had met her. 
Her size intrigued me, since my wife is much more "developed." I've 
mentioned to Sue many times that Pat looked like the type of woman that 
a man could REALLY enjoy himself with. 
     Sue had told me about an experience that she and Pat'd had together 
about six years ago, before we met. Pat and Sue had met a really good-
looking guy on vacation in Jamaica and both of them wanted to spend the 
night with him. Since they couldn't decide who would get him, they 
decided to share him. Sue said that Pat was really wild in bed and even 
seemed to have some bi tendencies, although Sue wasn't sure. Sue knew 
the effect telling all this had on me and enjoyed teasing me, since she 
and I knew that no harm comes from some good fantasies.
     I picked up some really good California chardonnay and an action 
movie and a comedy. When I got home, Sue had just stepped out of the 
shower. Seeing the water drip from her large, hard nipples, my cock was 
equally hard in no time. I was about to get undressed and fuck Sue, but 
she said Pat and Joe would arrive in about 10 minutes and I only had 
time to hop in the shower myself and get dressed.
     At 7:00 p.m. they arrived and Sue and I were both stunned to see 
that Joe was six-foot-six, 235 pounds, very good-looking and very black; 
Pat had never mentioned that Joe was black (not that it mattered). We 
got acquainted with the usual small talk and sat Pat and Joe down on the 
living room couch while Sue and I went to the kitchen to pour the wine. 
Sue told Pat to take her pick of which movie they wanted to watch first.
     In the kitchen Sue whispered that she and Pat had talked years 
before about a fantasy of being fucked by a black man, but neither had 
ever done it; both always worried about the "taboo" and about what 
others would say. Sue said she thought Joe was really good-looking and 
she couldn't wait to ask Pat privately if he was good in bed and if he 
had as big a cock as they had always heard black men have. We laughed 
and I asked Sue if she was sorry she'd gotten married before fulfilling 
her fantasies. She said she very happy with me and didn't need any other 
men, but I could tell sexy thoughts were swimming around in her head.
     We returned to the living room with the wine and Pat was looking at 
a tape box from our private collection. Sue told her those were our 
"training films" and pointed to the two movies that I had rented, 
suggesting one. Pat said we should watch one of the XXX-rated movies, as 
she had never seen one. Joe said he'd only seen one and that he and the 
girl he was with had never gotten very far into it for some reason <G>. 
Sue and I looked at each other and agreed to watch a little bit of one, 
since Pat was being so insistent. Sue said she would be a bit
embarrassed, since she had just met Joe and now would be watching many 
scenes of fucking, sucking and cum shots (she didn't use that exact 
language, though, as I remember). 
     I put a tape into the VCR and Sue and I sat on the Loveseat across 
from Joe and Pat, who were on the couch. As with most of these films, 
there really wasn't much of a plot and soon we were watching a really 
young looking girl getting a very, very large cock slammed into her 
pussy from behind. This girl was really getting it and enjoying every 
inch of the guy's large cock. I glanced at Pat and saw that she and Joe 
were really mesmerized by the scene unfolding before them on the screen. 
Sue, as always, was starting to squirm as she began to get turned on 
watching the movie. This was one of her favorite movies from our
collection. 
     I reached to the dimmer switch and lowered the lighting slightly to 
take some of the glare away from the screen. I guess I was a little 
concerned that Joe and Pat would notice that Sue had her hand on my 
crotch, rubbing my growing erection through my jeans, and thought that 
with the lights down, they might not notice.
     As the movie went on, another man entered the room, and the fucking 
couple froze; the man supposedly was the husband and looked very
startled by the scene before him. Here was his wife on her knees on the 
bed and an unknown man had his monster cock buried to the hilt in her 
pussy. The couple on the bed expected the husband to really get mad and 
maybe violent. She began pleading for his forgiveness while the guy just 
remained frozen on his knees behind this guy's wife, stunned and unable 
to move. The husband walked over to the bed and without saying a word, 
dropped his pants, kicked them off and held his own large and very erect 
cock in front of his wife's face. She seemed to relax, as did the 
"stranger," and she took almost ALL of her husband's cock into her 
throat. I couldn't believe that she could swallow as much cock as she 
was. The "stranger" slowly began fucking into the woman again and the 
woman began moaning really loud.
     I heard some strange noises coming from Pat and turned to see that 
she had Joe's cock out of his pants with both of her hands wrapped 
around it, licking the head as she watched the movie. Joe was engrossed 
in the movie also. I looked at Sue and saw she was no longer watching 
the movie but was staring starry-eyed at the size of Joe's cock, just 
the head of which Pat was now trying very hard to get into her mouth. I 
must admit that I had never seen a cock as large as Joe's. It had to be 
at least 12 inches long and as big around as Pat's wrist. Joe was a 
pretty dark-skinned black man, but his cock was coal-black and it was a 
real turn on to see it in Pat's white mouth. 
     Sue had taken my cock out of my pants and was swallowing all 7-1/2 
inches, to my balls, while staring at Pat licking and sucking Joe's 
cock. Sue and I had forgotten that the movie was even on! I looked at 
Pat again and noticed that she was staring at Sue swallowing my cock and 
when Sue took it all into her throat again Pat moaned really loud. That 
sort of broke what tension in the air and we all snickered a little. Sue 
started to show off her deep-throat skills and Joe now was also staring 
at my wife swallowing my cock. 
     I saw Joe unbutton Pat's blouse and knew I was actually going to 
see my sister-in-law's tits for the first time. Joe moved her blouse to 
the side and squeezed one of Pat's very hard nipples between his black 
fingers. The contrast in skin colors was really a turn-on. I felt like 
my cock grew another inch and Pat's eyes met mine. She really was 
enjoying watching me watch them. 
     Not to be outdone, I began lifting Sue's shirt -- but before I 
lifted it over her large tits, she stopped me and looked me in the eye. 
She seemed uncertain about where this might lead if we all allowed 
things to continue at this pace. I smiled at Sue and told her that 
everything was okay since we all seemed to be enjoying ourselves. She 
moved her hand from mine and I lifted her shirt up and over her head as 
she lifted her arms so I could remove it completely. She blushed when 
she saw Joe staring at her big tits with their large circled nipples. 
Her nipples hardened under my touch until they were at least three-
quarters of an inch long. I lifted Sue's right breast to show Joe more 
of it. 
     Pat was the first to talk, saying that she had always wished she 
had the breasts that her sister had. Sue told her she had always wanted 
the petite little body that Pat had. Joe and I said, almost at the same 
time, that both were very beautiful and very sexy. Pat looked at Joe and 
then at Sue and asked Sue if she would like to see Joe's big black cock 
closer. Pat said that she'd been absolutely hooked on Joe ever since the 
first time she'd tried to wrap her hand around his cock. 
     Sue was a bit stunned at her sister's question and looked up at me. 
I knew she'd love to get her hands on that cock. At first I hesitated, 
but we'd always had a very honest and loving relationship and I knew 
that I really had nothing to worry about as far as any reason for 
jealousy. I smiled at Sue and she stood up, as did Pat. They giggled 
like little girls and Pat began getting totally undressed. Sue just 
naturally followed suit. Joe and I thought we might as well get
comfortable, also -- and got naked real quick. 
     I thought I was going to get a treat by being able to watch my wife 
touching another man's cock. It being a giant black cock was just a 
bonus. As I watched Sue kneel on the floor in front of Joe I found to my 
surprise that Pat was kneeling in front of me! God, she was a fox! She 
was so tiny, her nipples so extended and hard, her pussy looked so small 
and had a few drops of moisture that had formed around the lips. She 
looked like a little girl, since her pussy was completely shaved. I 
could see her clit very clearly between her pussy lips.
     Pat reached out and took my cock in her hands, commenting how she 
had often wanted to do this with Sue and I but never really thought it 
would happen. She said she'd never felt a cock get so hard before, and 
then dropped her mouth over my cock. Boy, was I in heaven! I had almost 
forgotten about Sue and Joe. Here I was, sitting in my living room naked 
with my sister-in-law naked and slobbering on my hard cock. I knew it 
wouldn't be too long before I would be blasting my cum down her throat 
if she kept this up and told her so. She just moaned again and swallowed 
more of my cock.
     I looked over at Sue and saw that she had both hands on Joe's cock, 
holding it like a baseball bat and rubbing the head over her lips and 
between her tits. Joe couldn't help himself and grabbed her big tits in 
each hand and began fondling her extended nipples. The sight of his 
black hands on Sue's tits was a real turn on and I told Sue as much. She 
turned sideways so I could see what she was doing better. She said she 
had fantasized about having me watch her with another man many times but 
never thought it would be more than a fantasy. With that she dropped her 
head and took about four inches of that big black rod down her throat. 
     The sight of her lips stretched over the black skin and the sucking 
I was getting from her sister was just too much and I blew my steaming 
cum into Pat's mouth. Pat was ready and immediately began swallowing 
what felt like gallons of cum. As she continued to suck me and lick the 
cum she caught running down her chin, I grabbed her tiny tits, squeezing 
the nipples real hard. As I spurted the last of my cum into her mouth 
Pat let out a moan and began her own orgasm. She sat up, used her 
fingers to wipe the cum from the side of her face and licked her fingers 
very sexily. Pat said she loved the taste of cum and that mine was some 
of the best she had ever had. She said I must've known her tits were 
sensitive and that squeezing her nipples until they hurt always got her 
so turned on that she came. She said that in high school, the boys loved 
seeing her cum just from playing with her tits.
     Pat got up and sat on the couch next to me, still rubbing my cock. 
She was on my right and lifted her left leg over my thighs. Then she 
took my hand and brought it to her wet pussy. She told me to stick two 
fingers into her and I quickly obliged. I actually had trouble getting 
two fingers into her, even though she was sopping from her cum. She was 
SO tight, I was hoping I would get a chance tonight to actually put my 
hard cock in her and fuck her silly. 
     Here I was now, ramming two fingers in and out of my sister-in-
law's pussy while she played with my cock and balls, and we were both 
watching Sue swallow as much of Joe's cock as she could. Pat said Sue 
always could suck a cock and swallow more than her. She said they used 
to practice on cucumbers when they were younger and Pat would visit Sue 
at her apartment. 
     I was already getting hard again listening to Pat and seeing Sue 
sucking away, trying to get Joe to cum. Sue pulled back and said to Joe, 
"I want to taste your cum! Please cum in my mouth with your beautiful 
black cock! I want my husband and sister to see me swallow another man's 
cum." 
     Sue didn't even get her mouth back on Joe's cock before he shot his 
load all over her face. She quickly put his cock back in her mouth and 
was able to catch most of it, swallowing as fast as she could. He just 
kept cumming and cumming and cumming! Pat jumped up and ran over and 
told Sue to let her have some of that cum. She said she'd always been 
amazed at how much this man would cum, that it seemed like quarts. Sue 
held that black cock for Pat so she could have some of his burning white 
cum in her mouth. Then they cleaned his cock up with their tongues and 
-- to my surprise -- Pat began licking the cum from Sue's face. Pat 
began kissing Sue deeply, swapping cum in her mouth. They were really 
getting turned on. 
     Joe said that he had never seen two women making love together, let 
alone two sisters. I had seen it before in our movies but never would've 
believed I would see my wife and sister-in-law making out. 
     Sue and Pat pushed the coffee table out of the way and Sue laid on 
her back. Pat told Sue she'd always wanted to have sex with another 
woman, especially her sister, but thought Sue would think she was weird 
or something. Sue said they should try it out, since we were all trying 
new things tonight. Pat lifted her leg over Sue's head and got into the 
69 position. As Pat lowered her head into Sue's dripping pussy, she 
lowered her own, bare pussy to Sue's tongue. 
     Both of us guys just sat in our places watching these two sisters 
noisily licking and sucking each other's pussy. Sue told me to come 
around behind Pat; she wanted to see my cock sliding into her sister's 
pussy. I knelt with my knees on either side of Sue's head and moved in 
closer to Pat's open pussy. Sue took hold of my now rock-hard cock and 
rubbed it up and down Pat's pussy lips, making sure it rubbed Pat's 
clit, also. When Pat began squirming back against my cock, Sue placed it 
at the entrance of that tiny pussy. Pat pushed back and I pushed
forward, burying myself in her with one thrust. It was like fucking a 
woman's ass; I couldn't believe how tight she felt around my cock! Sue 
was going nuts. She said she loved seeing my cock in Pat's pussy and 
began licking my cock on the outstroke and my balls when I buried myself 
in Pat. 
     Pat was in heaven, from the sounds of her mewling. She continued to 
lick and suck Sue's pussy and clit while shoving herself back onto my 
cock. Pat lifted her head to see what Joe was doing and was glad to see 
he was hard again, too. Pat said we had to change positions to allow all 
of us to have fun. Pat had me pull out and lie on my back. She then 
straddled me, facing my feet. She laid back on my chest and told Sue to 
continue to lick her pussy and my cock. Pat then told Joe to kneel 
behind Sue and stuff that big cock into Sue. Pat told him to get all of 
it in Sue so she'd feel what it's like to be filled with 12 inches. 
     While I reached around to play with Pat's tits and nipples, I 
lifted my head to see the look on Sue's face as she took this new, 
giant, black, cock into her tight pussy. As Joe knelt behind my wife 
with that huge cock sticking out, Sue said she was going to really enjoy 
getting all of that black rod into her pussy. Sue hadn't had another man 
since we were married and I could tell she was really looking forward to 
this. I saw her reach around behind her and grab Joe's cock and rub it 
up and down, getting the head wet from her juices which were by now 
really flowing. She started to stuff his cock into her and told him to 
take it easy so she could adjust to his size a little at a time. I saw 
her eyes roll back and her mouth open as he started pushing into her. I 
knew just what he was feeling entering my wife's pussy and really got 
turned on seeing her take him. 
     Meanwhile, Pat was bobbing up and down on my cock and making a lot 
of unintelligible sounds and saying how good my cock felt in her. 
     After about two minutes, Sue took ALL of that huge black cock into 
her wet pussy. After adjusting to his size and after he began a steady 
fucking into her, my wife lowered her tongue to her sister's pussy 
again, sucking Pat's clit. 
     Pat was the first to cum. She really got wild. She screamed out 
"John, cum in my pussy, fill me with your hot cum, I want my sister to 
see her husband's cock spurting into my pussy and then lick your cum 
from me." I gladly obliged, filling her with my cum as her tight pussy 
sucked it from my hard cock. Her bare pussy kept milking my cock with 
contractions until I was totally drained. Boy, could she work that 
pussy! I wondered how she could ever get all of that giant black cock of 
Joe's into this tight pussy! I am not small, but compared to Joe...well 
you get the idea.
     Pat stood. I got up and plopped on the couch, totally exhausted but 
hoping I could still fuck Pat again before the night was over. Sue 
disengaged from Joe and turned over onto her back. Sue lifted her legs 
until her head was between her knees and said, "Joe, get over here and 
put that big black cock back in my hot pussy and fuck me into the 
ground." Joe moved up between my wife's thighs and I saw my wife take 
his black cock and place it back at the opening of her dripping pussy. 
     Sue said, "Ram that monster black bat into me and then fill me with 
your cum. I want to be fucked hard and let my husband see me getting 
fucked and see a big black man fill my pussy with his cum." She looked 
fantastic spread out there before another man, and what a turn on to 
watch that black cock spreading her pink pussy lips and sinking into her 
depths! 
     My wife looked me right in the eye as Joe fucked into her with one 
stroke and said, "John, do you like seeing your wife being fucked by a 
black man? Do you enjoy seeing my hot pussy swallow another man's cock? 
John, get the camcorder and film this for me -- I want to put on a show 
for the camera, I want to make our own fuck movie -- I am so FILLED with 
BLACK COCK and it FEELS SO GOOD! KEEP FUCKING ME, JOE!"
     It took me about two minutes to get the camcorder loaded and ready 
and I got back I was just in time to see Pat straddle Sue's face with 
her pussy and lower herself onto Sue's extended tongue. I began filming 
immediately! I zoomed in to see my cum dripping from Pat into my wife's 
mouth, who sucked it out of Pat's pussy. This was such a turn on, I 
couldn't believe this was really happening.
     I was all over the place, filming everything. I filmed Joe
squeezing Pat's nipples as he fucked into my wife. Joe held Sue's ankles 
to spread her legs and pussy wide so I could get great shots of his cock 
splitting my wife's pussy. Here was my wife, her ass lifting off the 
floor to meet this black man's thrusts while she licked my cum from her 
sister's pussy. 
     While I was filming I walked around so Pat could take my cock in 
her mouth again. I filmed my cock sliding into Pat's mouth as she 
screamed that she was going to cum again. This woman wrote the book on 
multiple orgasms! As she came, my wife yelled out, "My God, I am going 
to cum from being fucked by a big black cock! Fill me, fuck me hard! I 
want my husband to film your cum overflowing my pussy around your 
fabulous cock...I'm CUMMING!!!" 
     Joe gave out a big grunt and filled my wife with his cum. I could 
see his cum flowing out around his cock; my wife's pussy was so filled 
with cock there couldn't have been room for his cum. I continued filming 
and told Pat I was going to cum again. Pat held my cock out away from 
her and stroked me until I blasted all over her face. She started to rub 
my cum all over her face and tits. Naturally, I kept filming, even with 
weak knees.
     Joe pulled his cock out of my wife with a loud plopping sound. Pat 
immediately dove into my wife's pussy to lick up all of the cum she 
could. She spread Sue's ass cheeks to lick all of the cum from Sue's 
asshole that kept running out of her pussy.
     When the women finally stopped licking each other we all decided to 
take a break. I really needed one, too. The six-hour XXX movie was still 
running in the VCR and we all laughed because we'd only seen about 
thirty minutes of it. We had been fucking for about an hour and a half. 
We toasted our new-found relationship. The whole room smelled of sex.
     Joe and Pat said that they had never thought that this was how the 
night would turn out. We agreed, but said we hoped that we could get 
together again sometime for some adult games. We talked about fantasies, 
sex experiences and what turned us all on for about another half hour. 
Naturally all of the talk got us going again!
     Pat said she'd always wanted to get fucked in the ass, but there 
was no way she could handle Joe's monster cock in her. She wasn't sure 
she could even take me but wanted to know if I'd try. My cock sprung to 
full mast right away in answer to her question. Sue got some KY jelly 
and with Pat on her hands and knees, spread the KY on and in Pat's 
asshole. Pat was really getting turned on. Sue said she couldn't wait to 
take her husband's cock and feed it into her sister's tight asshole. Sue 
told Joe to get the camera and start filming, which he did right away. 
     Sue worked my cock head into Pat's ass and then, surprisingly, Pat 
shoved back hard with a scream and buried my cock in her ass. She held 
still for a few seconds and then began fucking back and forth. Her ass 
was so tight I didn't think I would've lasted too long if I hadn't cum a 
couple of times already. I'd never fucked a woman in the ass -- Sue 
always thought it would hurt too much -- but when she saw how much her 
sister enjoyed having a cock in her ass she wanted to try it, too. 
     Sue got on her knees next to Pat and told me to alternate between 
their asses. I pulled out of Pat and got behind Sue, who had already put 
lots of KY in and around her asshole. Sue told me to ram my cock into 
her ass in one stroke. I asked if she was sure. She reached back, 
grabbed my cock, placed it at her asshole and rammed herself back onto 
my hard cock. Sue was screaming about how much it hurt and yet moaning 
how great it felt to be stuffed like this. I pulled out and plunged into 
Pat again. After about every five or six strokes, I switched asses. I 
was in heaven, fucking my wife's ass and then her sister's ass and so on 
and so on, etc., etc., etc.
     Joe filmed it all. Just in case I didn't get this chance again, I 
blasted all of my cum deep into my sister-in-law's ass instead of my 
wife's. Sue didn't mind and I knew that since she seemed to like this a 
lot now, we would be doing it again in the future. 
     That night I watched my wife fuck that huge black cock two more 
times and had her suck me off once while I watched her getting fucked. 
Pat and Sue spent about thirty minutes entertaining themselves -- and us 
-- by eating each other to several more climaxes. I watched in amazement 
as Pat took ALL of Joe's giant black cock into her tiny body. She must 
have felt it in her throat, for gods' sake!
     All in all, it was a very exciting night and we have gotten
together several times since. Wait till the next story about Joe
bringing his three brothers along one night, when Pat had to work. My 
wife really liked a gangbang by four black men and myself. I got some 
great film, too. Next week Pat is bringing over two girlfriends from 
work, to watch some movies <G>. Its a "HARD" job, but someone has to do 
it. What a life! 

2nd SWING
Part II of Series

     Hopefully, you got a chance to read Part I of this series, 
1stSwing.sty. With that information you will have a better idea of what 
has been going on and what to expect from the continuing saga of my 
wife's and my swinging experiences. Naturally, these are all fantasy 
stories and never really happened...or did they? Either way, they will 
make for some interesting reading and, if nothing else, are fun to 
write.

     
     It was getting real close to Christmas and everyone was really 
getting into the holiday season. The weather that Saturday afternoon was 
really cold. The temperature had dropped below zero and the winds were 
pretty brisk.
     Pat, my wife's sister, called about 2:00 p.m. and said she had been 
called into work and that her boyfriend, Joe, and she would not be able 
to make it over that evening. Pat said she had to work until 9:00 p.m. 
and she was going to have Joe bring over Sue's Christmas present. I 
already knew what Sue was getting, but it was to be a complete surprise 
to Sue. I was a bit disappointed that Pat wouldn't be coming over, also. 
Pat said that if the weather let up, she would try and stop by after 
work for a little bit. She had promised me a present, also. Pat said 
that I could have anything I wanted from her -- ANYTHING!
     I was going to pray for a heat wave!
     Sue was disappointed that Pat couldn't make it over and was really 
getting curious about the present I told her Joe would bring. After 
dinner I suggested that we shower and that Sue put one of her sexy, 
skimpy outfits on and that we just sit around the fire that night, have 
some good wine, smoke a couple of joints, spend a relaxing evening 
alone, and see what happened.
     Sue was a little apprehensive about getting into her skimps since 
she knew Joe would be stopping by. I told her he would only be here for 
a minute or so and that she could just stay by the fire while I met him 
at the door to get her gift. 
     When I finished my shower, I put on some shorts and built a roaring 
fire in the fireplace. While Sue showered and changed into something 
"more comfortable," I poured some wine, spread out a large soft 
comforter on the floor by the fire and added a few throw pillows. I was 
ready for a good time tonight and knew that Sue would enjoy all she was 
going to experience.
     Sue entered the room with a glow on her face. She said she had 
gotten really horny in the shower and had masturbated with the shower 
massager. She looked like a goddess. She had on a very tiny red silk top 
with small ties in the front. The ties were loose down to just below her 
breasts and showed almost all of them except for the nipples, which were 
hard and poking out through the material. Sue had put on a pair of red 
crotchless panties and I could see that she had also been busy shaving 
her pussy in the shower. She got that idea from seeing how much I 
enjoyed eating her sister's shaved pussy a couple of months earlier. She 
had put on a black and red garter belt with black stockings. She knew 
the effect she was having on me when she saw that the front of my shorts 
were sticking out from my hard cock. 
     Sue said she felt like a really sexy, slutty whore and was ready 
for anything I wanted. Sue brought out a large dildo/vibrator from 
behind her back and asked me if I would like to watch her use it on 
herself. 
     What was I going to say -- "No"? I told her to come over and lie 
down so I could eat that beautiful, freshly shaved pussy. She sat on the 
comforter next to me and we sipped our wine and smoked a joint to mellow 
out a bit. 
     Sue lay back on the comforter and said I should set up the 
camcorder and maybe we could add some good film to our "private 
collection." We had not done any private filming since that time Pat and 
Joe were over. We both really enjoy watching that now and then, when we 
are just sitting around alone. Sue was a bit disappointed that Pat and 
Joe were not coming over that night since she had thought that maybe we 
could get together again, like the last time. But she thought we could 
still have a good time with just the two of us. 
     Sue was really getting horny and wanted to masturbate with the 
vibrator while I filmed. She had never let me watch her before and I was 
looking forward to it. I set the camera up, focused it on the area where 
we were lying and started filming. Sue positioned herself with her pussy 
facing the camera and her legs spread. 
     I crawled between her legs and began licking that bare pussy, my 
tongue lapping up the juices from her. I sucked on her clit, nibbling on 
the tip. Sue was really getting into this and began moaning and telling 
me where to lick and stick my tongue. It didn't take long for Sue to 
have her second orgasm of the night. I knew it wouldn't be her last. I 
sat back out of the way of the camera and Sue began rubbing the nine-
inch dildo over her lips, sucking in the head and swallowing about half 
of it. 
     The door bell rang and Sue jumped, thinking that she should get 
covered up to at least say "Hi" to Joe. I told her to stay on the floor 
and that I would explain to Joe that we were "busy" and just get the 
present Pat had sent. I left her lying on the floor and went to answer 
the door, after putting on my housecoat. 
     I opened the door and there was Joe. Sue's "presents" were standing 
behind him and I let them all in, telling everyone to stay real quiet 
since I wanted this to be a real surprise for Sue. Joe quietly 
introduced me to his three brothers -- Sue's present! 
     There was Paul, about 22 and the same size as Joe. Then Sam, about 
20 and a bit shorter and thinner than his older brothers. Last, there 
was Tom. Joe said Tom was 17 and a virgin. All of the brothers were 
good-looking and obviously worked out to stay in great shape. And it was 
pretty easy to see that they were brothers. The one difference was the 
different skin tones -- Joe's brothers were not quite as dark as he was.
     I showed them into the den so they could get undressed without Sue 
knowing they were there yet. All but Tom were undressed in no time. All 
of them knew why they were here and seemed pretty anxious at the 
prospect of what was to CUM. Tom was a bit nervous, so we all comforted 
him by telling him just how much he was going to enjoy tonight. 
     Sue called from the living room and I told her I would be there in 
a minute; I had to freshen our drinks. 
     When the five of us got to the living room door there was Sue, legs 
spread, with that dildo/vibrator humming away and stuffed into her 
pussy. Her eyes were closed, her head was thrown back and strange 
mewling noises were coming from her. She was really getting into 
masturbating for the camera, which was still filming. Joe and his 
brothers stood there in awe, a look of amazement on their faces. Though 
Joe had told them about Sue, none of them had expected a white beauty 
like this. Their erections were a sure sign that they liked what they 
saw. Tom, the virgin, already had pre-cum coming out of his seven-inch, 
dark black cock. He really looked excited. I was really proud of the 
effect that my 38-year-old wife could still have on men. Her big tits 
were heaving as she kept jamming that dildo in and out of her pussy. 
     When Sue opened her eyes and saw everyone, she was shocked and 
embarrassed. Though she wanted to cover herself, there was nothing to 
cover herself with. 
     I said, "Merry Christmas from Pat." 
     Sue saw that Joe and the others were as naked as I was and began to 
be more at ease. When she saw all of those large black cocks pointing at 
her, she just seemed to instinctively start to move the vibrator in her 
pussy some more. She saw how Tom's eyes were glued to her pussy. It was 
sort of obvious that he had never seen a pussy before, let alone a white 
woman's. Sue asked if we were all just going to stand there or join her. 
She was still obviously embarrassed and trying real hard to not act shy. 
Her nervousness was quite obvious, though.
     Joe knelt down and kissed Sue and said Merry Christmas. He placed 
his hand inside her top and squeezed her right tit, making Sue moan. I 
told the others to join their brother and enjoy themselves. They didn't 
have to be told twice. 
     Paul and Sam sat on Sue's other side and their hands were all over 
Sue's body, touching her silky white skin, admiring how the color of 
their skin contrasted from Sue's. Tom knelt between Sue's legs so he 
could see up close what Sue was doing with the dildo. Sue reached out 
with her free hand and took one of Tom's hands, bringing it to her wet, 
dripping pussy. She removed the dildo from her pussy and placed Tom's 
hand over her hairless mound. Tom didn't seem to need any further help 
and began rubbing Sue's pussy, spreading the lips and fingering her 
clit, which made her jump with pleasure. He seemed to be having a great 
time exploring my wife's gushing pussy, eventually sticking his middle 
finger into her tight slit, moving it in and out in a fucking motion.
     Paul bent down and kissed Sue, sticking his tongue deep into her 
mouth. She sucked his tongue and then stuck her tongue into his mouth 
and wrapped her arms around his neck to pull him closer. Sam had removed 
Sue's left breast from her top and was sucking on her nipple while Joe 
did the same to her right breast. Sue was moaning and writhing in 
pleasure, definitely enjoying herself.
     If you were wondering what I was doing, I had taken the camera from 
the tripod and was filming everything I could. Since everyone seemed 
busy, I thought I could at least direct some of what I was filming and 
told Tom to lick and suck my wife's pussy. He laid between Sue's 
widespread legs and began planting kisses on her silk-covered thighs, 
working his way up to her burning box. Sue grabbed Tom's head and pushed 
his face into her pussy and said, "Eat me, suck my hot pussy, make me 
cum and then fuck me with that beautiful black cock!"
     Tom got so excited that he shot a long stream of cum all over Sue's 
right leg. He looked a bit embarrassed by cumming so soon and without 
even being touched, but Sue reached down and scooped up as much of his 
cum as she could from her leg and sucked it into her mouth, telling Tom 
how good it tasted.
     Joe told Sue that Tom was a virgin and Sue's eyes lit up like 
stars. She had never had a virgin before and told Tom that she couldn't 
wait to show him everything about fucking and sucking and pleasing a 
woman. Tom, regaining his composure, returned to the task at hand and 
began running his tongue up and down Sue's burning hot pussy. Sue gave 
him some instructions on sucking and nibbling her clit and he dove in 
like a pro. His cock remained hard as a rock. He seemed proud of that.
     Joe moved up and stuck his giant 12-inch cock in Sue's face and she 
turned to it and, amazingly, sucked in at least four inches. I couldn't 
believe that she could even get her mouth around that black monster 
cock, but there it was -- stuck between her lips. She made sloppy, 
slurping sounds, sucking and milking his huge cock. Sue had one man 
licking her pussy, was sucking another and had two more cocks, one in 
each hand, milking them and feeling their size. Paul and Sam were 
uncircumcised, unlike Joe, Tom, and I. Sue enjoyed pulling their 
foreskins back and forth, making them moan with pleasure. Sam and Paul's 
cocks were about the same size, eight or nine inches and pretty big 
around (though not like Joe's). All of their cocks were coal black, and 
seeing my beautiful white wife sucking and playing with those large 
black cocks was a real turn on. I began masturbating, knowing that I 
wouldn't last too much longer with all of this going on. 
     I moved over by Sue's head and asked Joe if I could "borrow" her 
mouth for a couple of minutes. He gladly moved to one side and I stuck 
my cock all the way into Sue's mouth, down her throat. She sucked me 
like a vacuum and I shot what felt like gallons, Sue swallowing all of 
it without missing a drop. I stood again so I could continue filming and 
Paul took my place. Sue sucked his cock in with out missing a beat.
     Sue had always said that she had fantasized many times of getting 
fucked by a bunch of men, especially while her husband watched. This 
present was her dream cum true. 
     Sue pulled Paul's black cock from her mouth and said, "I want to 
get fucked, I need a hard cock in my tight pussy NOW. Joe, Fuck me with 
that giant cock of yours, show your brother, Tom, how to do it." 
     Everyone shifted, Sue turned over and raised up onto her hands and 
knees. Joe got on his knees behind her and I watched as my wife reached 
under herself and grabbed Joe's cock, placing it at the entrance to her 
starved pussy. Joe pushed forward and I watched and filmed as his huge 
black cock entered my wife's bare white pussy, splitting her open and 
sinking all the way in. She let out a sound like all of the air had left 
her body and said, "My God, I am so stuffed with cock, it feels so good! 
Look at me, John -- your wife is being fucked by another man and loving 
every minute of it! Somebody give me a cock to suck -- I need more cock! 
I want to be filled with cum until its drips out of my pussy! I want to 
swallow and taste everyone's cum, FUCK ME...FUCK ME...SCREW ME...MAKE ME 
CUM!"
     Since Tom had never had his cock sucked, I told him to feed his big 
black cock to her and blast a load of cum down her throat. He wasted no 
time in kneeling before her and stuffing her mouth with his cock. He 
played with her tits, commenting on how fantastic they felt, how the 
nipples on her 38Cs were so hard and extended. Sam and Paul were 
caressing Sue everywhere there was vacant space to fondle. Sue was 
bucking and ramming herself back onto Joe's cock, trying to get every 
inch of his foot-long black cock as deep into her as she could. Joe kept 
pounding her pussy with his cock. Her pussy was really wet and making 
slurping sounds as it tried to milk the cum from the cock buried in it. 
     About 10 minutes later Joe started to cum inside my wife's pussy, I 
watched as she milked his cock with her pussy until his cum was gushing 
out from the sides around his cock and running down onto the blanket. 
Tom blasted his cum deep into Sue's throat. She swallowed all she could, 
but still a lot of his scalding white cum dripped from her mouth onto 
her chin. I couldn't believe the kid could still have that much cum in 
him after cumming once already. I watched as my wife licked and sucked 
Tom's black cock, making sure she wasn't going to miss any of his young 
virgin cum.
     Joe pulled out, as did Tom, and Sue rolled over onto her back. She 
pulled her legs up until her knees were beside her head and said she 
wanted someone, anyone, to climb on and fuck her hard and fast. She 
reached down and spread her pussy lips, asking Paul if he would like to 
fuck her wet, tight pussy with his big black cock. Paul climbed on and 
again I watched as my now uninhibited and slutty -- and always wonderful 
-- wife took another man's cock and pushed it into her used pussy. Paul 
slammed into her with one stroke, burying himself to the balls. He began 
pumping into her, telling her how great it felt fucking his first white 
woman. He told her how tight she was, saying that he was going to cum in 
a couple of seconds at this rate. Sue humped back faster, wanting him to 
fill her with his cum. 
     About two minutes later he blasted his cum into my wife. He got off 
and Sam climbed on immediately and slammed his cock into her in one 
stroke. Sue never even broke stride. She just kept fucking back and 
yelling about how great it was being fucked by five men at once. She 
said she wished Pat could be here to experience this, also. 
     Sam lasted about ten minutes on his first time fucking my wife. 
When he pulled out, Sue said she wanted more: "Tom, get over here and 
stick that big dick of yours right in here. Mix your cum with your 
brother's cum -- fill me up! I want to feel your virgin cock in my 
pussy!"
     I couldn't believe it but Tom still had a raging hard-on. He got in 
place, Sue grabbed his cock and lined it up and he pushed into her. We 
all stood back to watch Tom get his first piece of ass. He really looked 
like he was enjoying fucking my wife. She was giving him everything she 
had, squeezing those strong cunt muscles I knew so well around his 
virgin black cock. She bucked up into him every time he slammed down 
into her. He fucked my wife like a rabbit. His ass went up and down in a 
blur, his cock being milked by her vise-like pussy muscles. Tom lasted 
more than thirty minutes. When he came he slammed deep into my wife's 
pussy and held himself still while she milked the cum from him. He let 
out a howl and she screamed, starting her own climax, mixing her cum 
with his inside her pussy.
     I was hard again and wanted to fuck Sue, I wanted to know what it 
felt like to fuck her after she had just had four other men fill her 
with their cum. Sue turned over onto her knees, bending forward and 
shoving her ass back at my hard cock. I slipped right in, watching as 
the other men's cum kept sliding out of her pussy. Her pussy was so hot! 
It was sloppy with all of the hot cum in her, but believe it or not, it 
was still tight after being fucked by all of these men. After I came and 
added my load to the rest, we decided to take a break and Sue went into 
the other room to clean up a bit. 
     While Sue was gone the guys and I talked about how good of a fuck 
Sue was and how she was such a fox. The guys were really enjoying 
themselves and so was I! Tom asked Joe if they were going to stay long 
enough so that he could get to fuck Sue again, of course if that was OK 
with me. Joe and I assured him that we all would get ALL we wanted 
before the night was over. I told Tom that Sue does not easily tire. 
     Tom asked Joe if he could fuck Pat some time also, if she would let 
him. Joe told him that Pat had been wanting to try his brothers out 
since she had first met them. Joe said all of this was her idea and that 
she really hated missing tonight. He said Pat was as horny as, if not 
hornier than, Sue and liked nothing better than to be fucked by two men 
at once and really wanted to "do" three or more at once. Joe told Tom 
how Pat had told him that he wanted to teach Tom how to fuck a girl in 
the ass and Tom got really excited, his cock stirring yet again! Tom 
didn't think a woman would like having a big cock crammed into her ass; 
Joe assured him that a lot of women liked it, but not all could take a 
cock up the ass. Joe told him about going slow and letting the woman 
push herself onto your cock until you were in and she was comfortable 
with having a cock shoved deep into her ass. Tom said he was looking 
forward to his first ass-fuck and that he hoped that he got to fuck Pat 
soon, he said that her tiny size really turned him on. Joe said not to 
let her size fool him -- she could take a cock like any other woman he 
knew, although he hadn't been able to fuck her in the ass yet since he 
was TOO big for most women's asses.
     Sue returned with a lit joint in her hand and passed it to Joe. We 
all smoked it and got really high. Someone started laughing about 
something and the next thing we knew we were all rolling around like mad 
men laughing like crazy.
     When I looked up, Pat was standing in the doorway looking at all of 
us like we were crazy. Pat asked how Sue was enjoying her "present" and 
Sue turned and when she saw Pat got up and went over and kissed her hard 
on the mouth, thanking her for the greatest experience of her life to 
date. Sue told Pat to get "comfortable" and in seconds Pat was naked and 
looking over the "merchandise" wondering where to start.
     Joe's brother's were glad to see Pat and their hard cocks waved at 
her in unison when we all stood up. Pat and Sue went from cock to cock, 
inspecting them with their hands and then with their mouths. Pat knelt 
before Tom and asked, "Tom would you like me to suck your big black 
cock? Would you like to see your cock sliding into my white mouth and 
then squirt your cum down my throat, or would you like to put this in my 
pussy and fuck me until you cum inside me? You can fuck my ass, too, if 
you would like, I am sure that I could take this up my tight ass and I'm 
sure you would LOVE that." Tom's cock answered by jumping in Pat's hand. 
Sue told Pat that they should first put on a show for the guys to get 
them all really going good. Pat had no objections to that and laid back 
on the comforter spreading her legs for Sue.
     Sue squatted over Pat's face and lowered her pussy to Pat's mouth, 
who immediately began licking her cunt. Sue lowered her face to Pat's 
cunt and stuck her tongue in her pussy as deep as she could get it. 
Since only Joe and I had seen two women together before we sort of sat 
back and watched Joe's brothers watch the girls kissing, licking and 
sucking each other's pussies. They were mesmerized and obviously turned 
on by it, as each of them was stroking his cock as if no one else was 
there. 
     Both women came at the same time. Pat was really vocal as my wife 
sucked her sister to a climax. Sue rolled over and the guys were all 
over both of them. I climbed onto Pat and slammed my cock into her pussy 
in one stroke, taking her breath away with the ferocity of my thrusting. 
Pat took Tom's cock in her mouth and I got a very close up view of his 
black cock sliding in and out of her mouth. It was such a turn on that I 
blasted my cum into my wife's sister. I really enjoyed fucking Pat. She 
was so small it really was like fucking the girls back in high school 
years before. I sucked on her little right tit, taking the whole breast 
in my mouth. The nipple was rock hard and stuck out like Sue's do when 
she is excited. Pat came with me. She seemed to be able to cum at will. 
It didn't take much to get her off and she definitely couldn't get 
enough of cumming. 
     I got up and I watched my wife on her knees, fucking back into Sam, 
while Joe and Paul knelt in front of her while she alternated sucking 
one cock with the other. She was in heaven. I got the camera going 
again!
     Pat asked Tom to fuck her in the ass and had him lie on his back. 
Pat went into the bathroom and brought back a tube of KY Jelly and 
greased up her ass and Tom's cock. Pat then squatted over his cock and 
very slowly lowered herself onto his long, stiff, black cock. I watched 
as it disappeared into her tiny ass. 
     At first, from the look on her face, it didn't look like she was 
going to be able to take it all. She stopped when she was about halfway 
down on his cock and let herself adjust to his size. After a minute or 
so Pat began to slide her ass farther onto Tom's cock until she was 
totally stuffed with every inch. She sat still for a while to adjust 
again and then began fucking up and down on him. Tom was playing with 
her tiny tits, squeezing her nipples really hard and causing her to moan 
in ecstasy. I stepped in front of Pat and offered her my now-hard cock 
to suck on. She SWALLOWED me in one swoop! What a close-up I was getting 
of my cock in my sister-in-law's mouth!! This film would be priceless.
     We all came about the same time. I saw Sam fill my wife's pussy 
with his cum while Joe and Paul sprayed their cum all over her face. I 
watched my wife trying to catch as much of their cum as she could into 
her mouth. The rest she kept wiping up with her fingers and sucking her 
fingers dry. Tom shot his load deep into Pat's bowels, Pat following 
close behind with her orgasm. I don't know where it came from, but I 
shot another full load down Pat's throat. She didn't miss a drop. 
     Pat asked Sue how she liked not only getting her dream gangbang, 
but also having her first cherry, i.e., Tom. Pat commented on how at 
least she got his cherry as far as ass-fucking. With that the girls 
again sucked each other's pussies, eating all of the cum that who knows 
who shot in them. We were all losing count of how many times we were 
fucked and sucked that night. My wife and sister-in-law did themselves 
proud that night. 
     The guys had to leave around midnight. Sue told Pat that she should 
stay the night since the weather was getting bad again. Joe said that 
they should get going because Sam and Paul had to work in the morning. 
Pat decided to stay, to my delight! I guess this was MY present!
     After the guys left, Sue, Pat and I retired to the bedroom. The 
girls got into bed on either side of me, we cuddled for a while and then 
all fell asleep, totally exhausted. In the morning I was awakened to Sue 
swallowing my cock and Pat licking my balls. Here we go again... 
     YEEEEEEHAAAAAA!!!!


     Stay tuned for Part III of this series. Pat and Sue bring a couple 
of their girlfriends over to play. Can this stuff really happen to a 
guy, or are these just really, really, good dreams? Only the shadow 
knows! <G>

3rd SWING

     Here we go with Part III of the continuing saga of the life and 
times of John and Sue. Make sure that you read the others (first,  
preferably). Download 1stSWING.STY and 2ndSWING.STY to get up to date on 
what's been going on.

     After my wife and I experienced our first foursome with her sister 
and boyfriend, we had planned to get together with a couple of Pat's 
friends from work who were interested in trying out a little group sex. 
They were really curious but very apprehensive about actually going 
through with it. Our plans were canceled several times, to my DISMAY! I 
had obviously been looking forward to an experience with having four 
women to myself. I knew that I wouldn't be able to go all night with 
them without help, but Pat and Sue assured me that they would help.
     Well, my wife, Sue, and sister-in-law, Pat, made arrangements to 
meet with two of Pat's friends for lunch one day to talk about getting 
together. They were to meet at a seafood place by the lake about 11:30 
a.m. on Friday.
     Sue and I had a three-day weekend, Friday to Sunday, off. I had 
several projects to do around the house and was working in the yard when 
Sue came out on her way to the restaurant. She was dressed in a short 
leather skirt and silk blouse. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a 
bra. Her breasts had that perfect bounce and sway to them. Her nipples 
were poking against the silk. Her long legs were covered by a pair of 
black stockings and she was wearing four-inch heels. I asked her if she 
was going to meet three women or three men for lunch. She said she and 
Pat had agreed to dress sexy to give the other girls no doubt as to 
their intentions. I told her every man in the place would be reading 
their intentions, also! She gave me a kiss goodbye and told me to wish 
her luck. I did, silently wishing ME luck, too. After all, I was going 
to be a pretty lucky guy if we pulled this off.
     Sue got home about 3:30 p.m. I had finished my projects and 
showered and was sitting in the den with a towel around my waist, 
drinking a glass of wine when Sue walked in. She had a sly little smile 
on her face and I anxiously asked her how everything went. Sue said that 
Pat and her THREE girlfriends would be over tomorrow night, FOR SURE 
THIS TIME, at about 8:00 p.m. I got a hard-on immediately just thinking 
about it. Then it hit me -- Sue had said THREE friends, I thought only 
two of them were coming over with Pat. Sue said that one of the girls, 
Jane, had talked to one of her friends from her apartment building about 
our idea and this girl was interested in coming along. Sue said the girl 
was only 21 years old and VERY beautiful. 
     Her name, Sue said, was Anh (pronounced like "on") and she was an 
American-born Vietnamese from a very traditional family. Anh had been 
married for two years to a guy her parents liked very well and she had 
been sort of pressured into the marriage. Sue told me Anh had said her 
husband was a very good man, but he was always working, trying to get to 
the top of the heap at the company where he worked. Anh had said he 
never seemed to have time for her and their sex life was and had been 
virtually nonexistent throughout their marriage. Anh had told Jane her 
husband was the only man she had ever made love with. When her one 
friend, Jane, had talked to her about it, Jane had suggested Anh join 
the little party we had planned for Saturday night. 
     From what Sue said, Anh was very shy and quite apprehensive about 
having sex with another man and was shocked to think about seeing women 
making love to each other. Sue added that Anh did, however, seem 
interested in this lifestyle, as long as her husband wouldn't find out. 
Anh had asked if she could maybe just watch and decide later if she 
would, or could, join in. All of the girls had agreed to allow Anh to 
come along and just see what happened.
     Sue said she was really horny since they had talked about sex 
quite a bit this afternoon. She came over to where I was sitting and 
removed the towel I had around my waist. Her eyes lit up when she saw 
how hard I was. Sue lifted her leather skirt and I saw that she wasn't 
wearing any panties at all. Moisture was forming around her pussy as she 
stepped closer to me. Sue straddled my legs and squatted over my raging 
cock. She lowered herself and placed my cock into her tight pussy. Sue 
sat down in one motion, burying me inside her now-dripping cunt. She 
just sat there, adjusting to having a cock in her. When she began moving 
up and down on me she began telling me about the other girls that would 
be joining us the next night.
     I already knew her sister, Pat. Sue said Pat was really looking 
forward to our party. I was looking forward to fucking Pat again, also, 
the memory of that tiny body riding my cock was on my mind quite often. 
     Next was Jane, a supervisor where Pat worked. She was 31, divorced 
with two young kids, had bright red hair, was about five-foot-five, 120 
pounds, and a real FOX. Sue said Jane had confessed that she had not had 
sex with anyone for three years and had never thought she would EVER be 
in a situation like what they were all talking about. She had been too 
embarrassed to go through with this before, when the girls had tried to 
put this together, but when Anh said she would go along, Jane thought 
that she should give it a try.
     Sue was pumping up and down on my cock as she talked about the 
things that she and Pat planned for Saturday night. She was getting as 
horny as I was thinking about the good times ahead. Sue was trying to 
suck my cum into her, saying that she was real close to her own orgasm.
     Sue said the other girl's name was Pam. Pam was 25 years old, like 
Pat, and had been married since she was 17 to the same man. Pam was 
five-foot-ten, 135 pounds and had very short brown hair. Sue said her 
body was amazing. She said Pam's tits had to be at least 40Ds and that 
she had very long, slender legs. Pam had told the rest of the girls her 
husband had lost interest in sex and that they made love only about once 
a month.
     I was getting a little worried. I knew my wife and sister-in-law 
were horny a lot, but these other women must be STARVED for sex!
     Sue continued fucking me as she talked. She said, "John, I bet you 
can't wait to feel those big 40Ds in your hands. Wouldn't you like to 
stick your cock between them and fuck Pam's tits? I can see you coming 
all over her face as she squeezes your cock between her tits. I'll lick 
all of your cum off her for you, too." I blasted my load deep into Sue's 
cunt. All of this talk had really gotten me hot. Sue began her orgasm 
with me and as we settled down, we started laughing. We were both pretty 
excited about our upcoming night!
     Sue and I spent the whole day Saturday getting the house ready for 
our guests. We rearranged the furniture in the den and placed fur 
comforters on the floor near the fireplace. The camcorder was set up on 
the tripod off to the side. We picked up some expensive white wine and 
some really good pot, which I twisted into several joints. At about 7:00 
p.m., Sue came down the stairs dressed to kill! She had on one of her 
negligees, silk stockings with a garter belt and spiked heels. She had 
on a "housecoat" (as she called it), but it was just a flimsy see-
through little thing that covered or hid nothing. I could see her pussy 
under it. She had on crotchless panties, too. Sue had let the hair on 
her pussy grow back and had shaved it in the shape of a heart. EDITEDIT
     I was wearing a warm-up suit. I figured it was the easiest to get 
off when the time came. Sue knew I was really horny thinking about what 
I would be doing tonight. She asked me if I would like a blow job to 
"take the edge off" before the girls got there. I thought it was a great 
idea, since it would be kind of crude to answer the door with a hard 
cock! About ten minutes after Sue had swallowed all of my cum the 
doorbell rang. Now I was getting nervous.
     Sue stayed in the den and had me answer the door. There they were 
-- four beautiful women that could satisfy many a man's fantasies and 
they were going to satisfy ALL of mine that night. I invited them in and 
collected everyone's coat, hanging each up as Pat introduced the girls. 
     Each one of them was like a dream. Anh was like a little china 
doll. She was about four-foot-ten and only 95 pounds, at best. She had 
silky, coal black hair that went down to the backs of her knees. She was 
really shy and blushed when she "accidentally" glanced at my crotch and 
saw my cock jump slightly. She really blushed when she looked up and saw 
that I'd noticed her noticing me! All four were dressed in jeans and 
sexy little tops and all were obviously braless. What a contrast in 
bodies! Pam's tits were HUGE! As big as they were I would've expected 
them to sag, but they were standing like a hard-bodied 17-year-old 
girl's would. We did our little small talk about the weather and their 
drive over and then went into the den to join Sue. 
     Sue was laying back on the floor with one hand between her legs and 
a big smile on her face when she saw that EVERYONE had showed up. I said 
I would pour wine for everyone and Pat said they all should get 
comfortable, like Sue obviously was. 
     When I returned with the wine Pat was already undressed and the 
others were slowly following suit. Each of the "new" girls seemed a 
little embarrassed when I walked in, but Pat told them that the easiest 
way to get "comfortable" was to just get naked. I sat on the couch after 
removing my jacket. I didn't take my pants off yet; I didn't want to 
rush this too much. I was really enjoying watching these women strip 
before me. They were so beautiful and the contrast in bodies was 
amazing. Pat and Sue were helping Jane and Pam get out of their jeans, 
then their tops and panties. Anh was still hesitating and Pat told her 
she didn't have to do anything she didn't feel comfortable with. Anh, 
still in her panties and blouse, sat on a foot stool and took a drink of 
her wine. She asked if she could just sit there for a while, saying this 
was all new to her. Sue told her to make herself comfortable in any way 
she wanted. 
     Pat told me to join them by the fire and I rose, dropping my pants 
before approaching the girls. Jane and Pam were staring at my rising 
cock. I saw Pam lick her lips, even. I walked over to Pam and took her 
in my arms, kissing her deeply and shoving my tongue into her mouth. She 
seemed to come alive and sucked my tongue into her mouth while her hands 
roamed my back and ass cheeks. Sue approached Jane from her back and 
cupped her breasts in her hands, caressing them softly while rolling 
Jane's nipples between her fingers. Pat approached Jane from the front 
and Sue and Pat helped Jane onto the floor, laying her out before them. 
     Pam and I followed suit and lay down beside them. I broke our kiss 
and looked over at Anh to see how she was reacting to all of this. Anh 
had finished her wine and half of another glass. She was watching 
intently, trying to see everything at once. Her breathing was getting 
heavy. I could tell she was getting turned on by all of this. Her tits 
-- or nipples, anyway, since she didn't really have any tits -- were 
like rocks against her flimsy blouse. Anh was rubbing her right thigh 
just below her pussy and when she saw me looking at her, moved her hand 
away quickly. I smiled and Anh put her right hand over her panty-covered 
pussy and rubbed it slightly. I could see the moisture on her panties 
and knew she was getting hot. She kept staring at my roc- hard cock and 
balls. I raised my left leg so she could get a real eyeful. Anh reached 
up and removed her blouse. Her tiny chest looked so cute, her nipples a 
chocolate color.
     As I began fondling Pam's big breasts, I looked directly at Anh, 
our eyes meeting in an embrace. Anh licked her lips, rose and dropped 
her panties to the floor. She was so cute as she approached me and said, 
"Please be gentle with me, I have never had a man with a penis the size 
of yours. I have never had any man besides my husband." 
     Her tits were almost non-existant, smaller that Pat's. Her nipples 
were very extended and conical. The hair on her little pussy was very 
sparse and the patch was only about two inches wide. I wondered if I 
would actually be able to get my cock into that tiny pussy. I swore that 
somehow, I would! 
     Anh dropped to the floor beside me and I reached up to her taking 
her into my arms. Her hair looked so fantastic flowing over her whole 
body. It was like strands of black silk. Here I was with one woman on my 
right who was five-foot-ten, with huge tits, and on my left was a woman 
who was barely four-f00t-ten and had no tits -- just big, hard nipples. 
     We began exploring each other's bodies, getting used to each other. 
The sexual tension was unbelievable. I reached over to the table and 
grabbed a joint, lighting it and handing it to Anh. She said she had 
never smoked pot before but seemed anxious to try it when I told her 
that it would calm her nerves and loosen her inhibitions some. Anh took 
a big hit and then handed it to Pam, who also took a big hit. 
     We passed the joint between us until it was pretty small and then 
each grabbed a glass of wine to take a couple of sips. I looked at Anh, 
who was intently watching Pat, Sue and Jane. Anh didn't even seem to 
notice when I took her right nipple between my fingers and squeezed it 
until it stood out, hard as a rock. Pam whispered to me that she had 
never touched another woman's body in a sexual way before and I saw her 
reach out and run her hand between Anh's legs. I saw her fingers spread 
Anh's pussy lips and when Pam touched Anh's clit Anh moaned loudly and 
spread her legs wider to allow Pam easier access to her body. 
     I bent down and took one of Anh's nipples into my mouth, enjoying 
the hardness. Her skin was so soft! Pam asked Anh if she had ever had 
another woman touch her or had ever touched another woman. Anh said 
only her husband had touched her like this before, but never actually as 
nicely as this. She said that she had never even seen a man's cock 
besides her husband's, which was only about 3hree or four inches long. I 
could tell that Anh was loosening up; she had actually used the word 
"cock." 
     Pam asked Anh if she would mind if she ate her pussy, saying that 
she had many times thought about doing that in her fantasies. Anh said 
that no one, not even her husband, had ever licked her before. Pam got 
between Anh's legs and bent down to run her tongue over that tiny pussy. 
Anh almost spilled her wine and I took the glass from her and set it on 
the table. 
     Anh had an orgasm as soon as Pam's tongue touched her clit. Pam 
sucked that little nub into her mouth as she looked me in the eyes. She 
seemed to enjoy doing this with a man watching. I ran my hands over 
Pam's back and ass until I reached her pussy. She was dripping juices 
all over my hands, I slid two fingers into her cunt as she pushed 
herself onto my hand. I bent and kissed Anh, sucking her tongue into my 
mouth. She seemed to come alive, her tiny hands roamed over my body, 
touching me, exploring another man besides her husband. I couldn't 
figure out how any man could not want to make love to this woman as 
often as he could, her husband must be a real workaholic!
     Anh began moaning real loud again and said that she was going to 
have another orgasm. Pam increased the speed of her licking and began 
concentrating on Anh's clit more. Anh had reached down between my legs 
and grabbed my cock in her tiny hand. I felt what Pat's friend, Joe, 
must feel. Anh couldn't even get her hand completely around my cock. She 
began squeezing and moving her hand up and down my cock. When Anh came 
she squeezed my cock so hard it actually hurt and I let out a little 
moan. I watched as Pam drank all of Anh's juices and stuck her tongue 
way into Anh's cunt to get all of her cum. 
     Anh thanked Pam for a wonderful orgasm, saying that she had NEVER 
cum like that before. Anh wanted to know what she could do to repay Pam. 
I suggested that she eat Pam's beautiful pussy. Anh wasn't sure that she 
could do as good a job as Pam had. Pam assured her that she should just 
do what seemed to cum naturally, as she had. Pam said that she had 
REALLY enjoyed sucking Anh's cunt and laid back on the floor bending her 
knees up so Anh and I could see her dripping, open pussy. 
     Pam was a bit embarrassed, saying that she had never exposed herself 
to ANYONE like this before, but that it seemed to just feel right and was 
really turning her on doing it. I asked Anh if I could stick my cock 
into her while she ate Pam and she got sort of scared. Anh laid on her 
stomach between Pam's thighs, looking into her first pink pussy. I raised 
Anh's ass until she was on her knees and put myself between her legs. My 
cock was like granite as I thought about fucking this tiny pussy. I 
stuck a finger in Anh and she pressed back onto me. I rubbed my cock 
head around her pussy lips and Anh said that she really wanted to get 
"fucked" by another man. With that, she bent down to Pam's bush and 
began sucking Pam's cunt, exploring her with her tongue and lips. 
     I leaned forward. As I was about to place my cock into Anh, Sue 
appeared and said, "Here, honey, let me do that for you. I love putting 
your cock into another woman and seeing you bury yourself in her pussy. 
Anh, you are really going to enjoy this -- his cock will fill you up 
like you've never been filled before." 
     With that, Sue put the head of my cock into the entrance of Anh's 
little pussy and I watched as I slid in an inch at a time. I really 
wasn't sure I would be able to get all of me into her; she was so tight 
and she was moaning like someone was trying to put a baseball bat into 
her. I slowed and then felt her begin to push back onto me. After about 
four or five minutes I was buried inside the absolute tightest cunt I 
had ever felt! 
     Anh said, "Oh, my God, your cock is SO big! I can feel you in my 
stomach! Please keep fucking me -- I want to feel your sperm filling 
me." 
     I started to saw in and out of Anh and saw her return her 
attentions -- as best she could considering she was totally stuffed with 
the biggest cock she'd ever had -- to Pam's pussy. She told Pam that she 
tasted so good and that she hadn't thought she'd ever have been doing 
something like this. She said she had always thought bisexual love was 
so perverted and wondered how she could have been SO wrong. 
     My wife crawled under Anh and me and alternated licking my balls 
and Anh's clit. Sue said Anh was dripping juices from around my pounding 
cock and she was sucking them all down her lovely throat. 
     After about fifteen minutes, Pam let out a war cry and began 
humping her pussy into Anh's face. Pam held Anh's head tightly against 
her pussy and had what appeared to be one fantastic orgasm. She said 
that her pussy was really sensitive after cumming and pulled away from 
Anh, standing and watching as I fucked Anh harder and harder. Anh said 
that she was cumming again and wanted me to cum inside her. She said she 
wanted to feel another man's cum in her. I accommodated her very soon 
after and blasted my load into her. I buried myself in her tight pussy, 
putting my cum as deep in her as I could. 
     Anh and I collapsed forward and I pulled my cock from her cunt. Sue 
told Anh to turn over so she could clean up her pussy for her. Sue said 
that at lunch yesterday it was agreed that Sue and Pat got to eat all of 
my cum from the women's cunts, or ass, if that happened. Sue dove right 
in, making sucking noises in Anh's pussy. We were all watching intently 
as my wife sucked my hot cum from Anh. I laid back thinking that my 
orgasm with Anh had been so intense that I might not be able to get it 
up again for a while. There were four other women here, two of whom I 
had never fucked before and I knew from what Sue had said that they were 
EXPECTING to get fucked by me tonight!
     I heard moaning and looked over to see Jane and Pat both eating 
each other's pussy. They were just starting to cum in the 69 position. 
They looked so good as they made love to each other! I turned again to 
see Anh begin yet another orgasm from the cunt licking she was getting 
from my wife. Pam was sitting and leaning against the couch drinking her 
wine. Her tits were still heaving from her orgasm. Pam suggested that we 
all take a little break before getting going again. I was ALL for that! 
Maybe a little time was what I needed to "get going" again.
     We all sat in a circle, very comfortable now with being naked in 
front of everyone else. I mean -- what else was there to hide by now? I 
lit another joint, passed it on and poured everyone some more wine. In 
no time, we were all laughing and talking more openly about sex.
     Jane, Anh, and Pam all said they wished Pat had suggested this a 
long time ago. Anh said that if I could manage, she would love to be 
fucked by me again. I told her I would do my best but wasn't promising 
anything with all of the women here tonight. Jane and Pam said they had 
to get their shot at me, too, before Anh did again. Pat and Sue jumped 
in, telling us not to forget them. 
     Here I was, 38, and I had five beautiful naked women arguing about 
who would get to fuck me that night. I knew I had to be dreaming. As if 
reading my mind, Sue pinched my thigh, saying this really was real.
     We each were talking about our fantasies and prior sexual 
experiences. Anh said that she really didn't have any other experiences 
-- or fantasies, for that matter. She said that before Jane had told her 
about tonight she had thought this sort of behavior didn't exist. She 
was very curious to learn more, but added that her husband must never 
know. She didn't want to lose his respect or her family's. She said her 
husband would definitely tell her family, to get back at her, and this 
would destroy her relationship with them. 
     Jane said she couldn't believe she had gone so long without sex and 
would NEVER let that happen again. She said she hoped we could all 
continue our relationship after tonight. Sue and Pat said there were 
many nights of pleasure to go yet. Pat added that her boyfriend would 
absolutely LOVE a chance at these foxy women. Pam said she had never 
been with a black man and wondered about that possibility. Jane and Anh 
agreed that we would have to talk more about that possibility. They 
wanted to see what this man was like after Pat and Sue had bragged he 
and his brothers up so much. 
     I watched as Pat began running her hand over Anh's thighs, feeling 
her smooth skin. My cock gave a little jerk and like a hawk, Jane 
lowered herself to my crotch. Her tongue snaked out and licked the tip 
of my cock, making it jump again. All of the girls giggled, Sue saying 
that it looked like I was ready for some more pussy. Jane then took my 
whole cock into her mouth in one gulp. She swallowed it like I enjoyed 
having Sue do so often. She rubbed my balls and sloppily sucked me into 
a raging hard on again. 
     I laid down on my back to just enjoy it and Pam bent over me, 
hanging those monster tits into my face. I grabbed her left tit and 
sucked in her nipple. She said she liked to have her tits treated very 
rough, assuring me that I wouldn't have to worry about hurting her if I 
wanted to bite or nibble on her tits. 
     They were so big I couldn't get two hands around one of them. I 
squeezed them hard and bit into one of her nipples, not hard enough to 
draw blood but pretty hard. Pam moaned how good that felt, telling me to 
continue. Sue went and got one of her big vibrator dildos that she loved 
so much. She got her biggest one, which was 12 inches long, very big 
around and blacker than Joe's cock. She told the other girls that it 
resembled Pat's boyfriend's cock and they were amazed that anyone could 
fuck something that big. Sue assured them that it was possible.
     When Sue flipped the vibrator switch on and it began humming, Pat 
asked if Sue would fuck her with it to show these girls how her pussy 
could swallow that big monster. We all watched as Pat laid back, raised 
her legs high and held them way apart, exposing her shaved pussy for all 
of us. Sue sank the dildo into Pat slowly until Pat screamed for Sue to 
ram it in. Sue shoved forward and Pat lifted her ass off the floor to 
receive as much of that fake cock as she could get. 
     Anh looked a little bit embarrassed. She had, before tonight, never 
even imagined that she would be watching one woman shoving an 
unbelievably giant vibrating dildo into another woman's pussy. Further, 
right next to her was one of the women's husband getting his cock sucked 
by her best friend, Jane, and sucking on the biggest tits she had ever 
seen naked on yet another woman, Pam. Anh wasn't sure what to do, so she 
just watched and learned.
     Pat was grinding her pussy onto the big dildo that my wife, Sue, 
was fucking her with. She was quite obviously enjoying putting on a show 
for anyone who wanted to watch. Pat said, "Sue, that feels sooooooo 
gooooood! I love the feeling of the vibrations! There is nothing like a 
REAL cock, but why can't a man have a vibrating cock. Fuck me! FUCK ME!"
     All of the women giggled at Pat's remark, I wondered if there were 
any upgrades or add-ons I could get to have a great vibrating cock. <G>
     Jane said she really wanted to taste my cum, that she had NEVER 
tasted cum before. Only recently, from talks with Pat, did she find out 
that a lot of women LOVE to swallow a man's cum, and that they LOVE the 
taste of cum. Jane said that she just had to be fucked first, though. 
She said that she hadn't had a man for over three years. She was tired 
of masturbation, although she wished she would've had a had one like the 
one my wife was fucking Pat with. I told her to squat on my cock if she 
would like. She raised up and squatted over me, facing away. 
     Surprisingly Anh reached over and grabbed my cock. She asked, in a 
whisper, if she could place my cock inside her best friend. I felt Anh 
rubbing my cock head over Jane's pussy lips. I could feel the wetness of 
that pussy. Then Jane lowered herself slowly onto my cock. After a 
couple of adjustments, she sank down completely on me. She leaned back, 
supporting herself on her arms behind her. I reached up around her and 
caressed her fleshy tits. Jane began fucking up and down on my hard 
cock. Anh was touching my cock as it went into her best friend and I was 
sure that she was also touching Jane's pussy. 
     Jane said, "Oh..your cock feels so good inside of me...don't move, 
just let me fuck you. I will NEVER go without a cock for long...you 
don't KNOW how much I needed this. OH...Sue, thank you for sharing your 
husband, he is such a great fuck, his cock is soooooo...good! Anh, would 
you like to lick my pussy while I am getting fucked? Would you like to 
lick John's balls and his cock as you watch it fucking me?" 
     I saw Anh disappear between our legs. I felt her tongue and lap at 
my cock and balls. I could tell when she licked Jane's cunt because Jane 
was getting quite verbal. Anh said she had never sucked or licked a 
man's "private parts" and certainly never a woman's before. She said 
Jane's juices on my cock and balls tasted very good, that she really 
enjoyed oral sex. She had a smile on her face like a kid with a new toy 
and bent to continue her oral ministrations.
     When I laid my head back on the floor again Pam said, "John, I am 
so hot! Could you suck me? I have never had a man eat my pussy. My 
husband is the only man I have EVER been with and he thinks oral sex is 
gross." Pam didn't even wait for my answer. She squatted over my face, 
leaned forward on her hands and brought her pussy to my mouth. I was 
being fucked by Jane, licked by Anh and smothered in pussy by Pam. I 
shoved my tongue as far into Pam as I could and sucked her clit into my 
mouth. She was humping my face so hard that I sometimes couldn't 
breath...not that I wasn't still enjoying myself! 
     Sue had gone to get the camcorder from the tripod and was filming 
everything. Pat had slid her head under Anh's pussy and was licking her 
while fucking herself with the dildo. Sue got great footage of 
everything. Anh was busily licking the juice from my cock every time 
Jane rose from my cock, then she would lick the length of Jane's cunt 
and Jane would drop down on me again. You can only imagine what this all 
felt like; believe me, it was FANTASTIC! I really felt lucky, I was 
getting laid more in one night than most single guys I know get laid in 
a month, and getting laid by a lot more women, too. Not only that, but 
my WIFE was standing there naked and filming these women fucking me. 
Most wives would kill if they saw their husbands fucking another woman; 
not mine. Sue was very secure in our relationship and I was proud of her 
for that -- thankful, TOO.
     Pam was first, "I'm cuuuummmmmiiinnnggg...MY GOD...I am cumming on 
your face...EAT ME...EAT ME...SUCK MY CUNT...LICK MY JUICES!  SO GOOD!!! 
AHHHHHH...YEEESSSSSS..."
     Jane was next: "Your cock feels so good in me -- I'm cumming! I 
want you to feel my pussy cumming...feel me squeeze your hard cock with 
my cunt muscles...AAAAHHHHHHH...I'MMMMMMMM CUUUMMMIINNGG!!! Oh, Anh, 
your mouth feels sooo good on my pussy! Watch his cock cum in me -- lick 
his cum from me when he cums. I want to kiss you and taste his cum...I 
want to share his jism with you." Her pussy gripped me like a vice. I 
knew I was going to cum in seconds. 
     Listening to these women cumming put me over the edge. As I shot my 
load deep into Jane, I could hear Pat and Anh proclaiming their orgasms. 
I felt like I shot another quart of cum into Jane's cunt. Jane pulled my 
cock out of her and let Anh have FULL access to her pussy. As Anh bent 
down and began sucking Jane's pussy, filling her mouth with my cum, I 
heard Sue say, "Hey, that's supposed to be mine!" with a giggle. Anh 
ignored Sue and kept slurping my cum from Jane's cunt. Then Jane sat up 
and Anh and Jane met in a deep kiss. I could see that they were 
exchanging my cum in their mouths -- what a turn-on! And there was Sue 
getting it all on film for our "private collection." 
     It was definitely time for another break. We all sat around, 
catching our breath and sipping our wine. Jane and Anh said they were in 
love with the taste of a man's cum. They swore they would somehow get 
Anh's husband into oral sex -- or else. Jane had an idea about both of 
them seducing him at one time. I agreed that I didn't think any MAN 
could resist these two foxy, sexy women whether he wanted to or not. Anh 
said she was worried about trying to involve her husband, but maybe in 
time, if Jane and her worked things just right, it could be done. Jane 
told Anh that if he didn't go for it and wouldn't give Anh the sex she 
wanted, she should leave him and move in with her. She said she didn't 
think they would have any trouble finding men to fuck them and if 
nothing else, they would have each other to enjoy in between men. 
     Anh and Jane kissed again. Their friendship seemed even stronger 
than it was before.
     Pam told me she hoped my cock was not done for the night, as she 
very much wanted to feel me inside of her. She said she had never had 
any man other than her husband fuck her. My cock was the only cock 
besides her husband's that she had even seen. Pam said she liked the 
looks of my circumcised cock better that her husband's uncircumcised 
cock -- she liked the way the head seemed to mushroom at the top of my 
cock. She was teasing me and I knew it. I was getting hard again. Pam 
was smiling and kept talking dirty to me. Sue told Pam that I loved it 
when a woman talked dirty to me. 
     Pat crawled between my legs and licked Jane's juices from my 
hardening cock. Pat told Pam she would get my cock ready for her and 
that she should get herself ready for the fucking of her life. Pam 
watched as Pat sucked me into her mouth and began fingering her own 
pussy, getting it wet. 
     Pat handed Pam the dildo and Pam just laid there staring at it, 
feeling the hugeness of it. Sue told Pam to turn it on and enjoy it, 
which Pam did. She pressed that black vibrating cock against her pussy, 
used one hand to spread the lips and inserted the head of the fake cock 
into her body. She had her knees bent and had turned to show me what she 
was doing. 
     Pam said, "John, watch me fuck my own pussy. Watch me take all of 
this giant black cock into my cunt. Watch me masturbate. No one has ever 
seen me make myself cum; now I want everyone to watch me! This cock 
feels so good! I'm getting my hot pussy ready for your hard cock. Sue 
can film you fucking me and watch her husband cumming in me." 
     Sue kept the camcorder on Pam to record every bit of the erotic 
scene. Pam shoved about 8 inches of the vibrator into her pussy and was 
shaking her ass all over the floor. She was humping into the cock trying 
to sink all of it inside herself like Pat had. She was really getting 
turned on playing to the camera and her audience. After she had adjusted 
to eight inches, she shoved another two or three more inches into her 
cunt. Her eyes were bugging out of her head it seemed. She kept mumbling 
about how stuffed and full she was. Sue told Pat she just had to get a 
chance to fuck Joe. She told Pat that ANYTIME Joe and Pat wanted to get 
together, she was available. 
     I told Pat to stop before I came in her mouth. I still wanted to fuck Pam 
when she was done with the dildo. Pat reluctantly released my 
swollen cock and Pam saw my cock was free and ready. Pam pulled 
that 12-inch dildo out of her pussy with a tug, making a loud popping sort 
of sound as it cleared her pussy. 
     She said, "Okay, John, get over here and fuck me now. I'm ready! I 
almost came with the vibrator, but I want a REAL cock in my cunt. I wish 
my husband could see me now! It would be so nice if he could like the 
idea of watching another man fuck his wife. I need to get fucked, John 
-- screw me! Slam that cock into me! I can take all of you so FUCK ME 
HARD AND FAST!"
     I got up and crawled over to Pam, right between her widespread 
thighs. Her tits were so beautiful! They were spread out over her chest 
as she laid on her back. Pam's tits still rose like mountains above her. 
I pushed my cock towards her cunt and Pam hurriedly grabbed my cock and 
stuffed the tip into her beautiful body. I didn't want to disappoint 
her, so I rammed my hard cock all the way in with one stroke. Even after 
having that monster dildo stuffed into her, she was still tight. I could 
tell that this pussy did not get fucked very often -- at least before 
now. I was sure I'd get to fuck Pam many more times. 
     I held my body up so I could see my cock sliding into Pam. She was 
holding onto her ankles, pulling her legs up and apart to allow me 
plenty of room to pound her tight pussy. Her big tits bounced and 
swayed, her nipples were extended and hard. The areola on each tit was a 
light pink color and really big around. I bent and sucked her right 
nipple into my mouth, biting the end. Pam was moaning and shaking, 
humping up into my thrusts, trying to extract the cum from my balls. She 
screamed that she was cumming and I felt her clench her cunt muscles 
around my cock. I kept fucking into her, slamming all of my hard cock 
into her pussy and feeling my balls slap her ass. 
     I slowed down some as her orgasm subsided and watched her face 
glow. Pam had really had a deep cum and seemed like she was in Never-
Never land. I felt hands on my back and ass and turned to see the rest 
of the women touching me and rubbing their hands over every inch of me. 
All except Sue; she was directing and filming. 
     Pat got between my legs and bent to run her tongue through the 
crack in my ass. I was really startled and slammed into the moaning Pam. 
I pushed back and Pat shoved her tongue into my ass. It was sooooo 
sensitive. Anh and Jane were massaging my back and running their hands 
over Pam's exposed body parts. Anh started to finger Pam's clit, sliding 
her hand between Pam and me. As she fingered Pam, she rubbed the side of 
my cock. Pam started to cum again and her vise-like cunt muscles milked 
my cock. I started to slam into her harder and then pushed in as far as 
I could, sending a stream of hot cum deep inside her seething pussy. I 
buried my face into her big tits, smothering myself in all of that 
wonderful flesh. 
     Exhausted, I rolled off to the side of Pam, lying on my back next 
to Anh. Sue handed Pat the camera and told her to film. Sue said she 
wanted to eat Pam's drenched pussy. She said that she had really gotten 
turned on watching her husband fuck another woman. Now she wanted to 
make love to that woman, too. Pam told Sue to squat over her face and 
they both got into the 69 position. Sue started to suck my cum from 
Pam's dripping pussy. She lowered her cunt down onto Pam's mouth. Pam 
immediately began licking my wife's pussy, ramming her tongue into her 
pussy.
     I couldn't even keep my head up, I felt so drained. Then I felt a 
soft, wet tongue running over my spent and shrinking cock. I looked down 
and there was Anh, smiling and staring at me with her beautiful 
slanted eyes. I watched as her tongue darted out again, licking my cock 
clean. She took my deflated cock into her mouth and sucked me deep into 
her throat. Her tongue continued to swirl around my cock as she fucked 
my cock with her mouth. 
     She rose up and said, "I love the feel of the soft, velvety skin of 
your cock. I have never sucked a man before. I hope you do not mind if I 
practice on you. You have such a handsome cock." She went back to 
working on me, trying her best to get me hard again. I told her that I 
really didn't think that I would be getting a hard-on for a while -- I 
was getting pretty fucked-out! She told me to let her worry about that, 
sucking me deep into her mouth again. She was trying everything but 
could not get more than a little movement from my cock. Jane joined Anh 
and they began passing my cock back and forth, taking turns licking and 
sucking me. It almost hurt, but I started to swell again, amazing not 
only myself, but the girls, also. 
     Sue glanced over at us and said that since I was hard again, she 
got to fuck me this time. She said, "It's my turn to fuck my husband. 
Move over ladies -- I want to feel 'MY' cock in my pussy. That 
wonderfully hard cock belongs to me!" 
     With that, she squatted over me and slammed her pussy down on my 
big cock. There just was no pussy to compare with my wife's. She was 
without a doubt, the absolute best piece of ass I have ever had. That 
"old familiar" pussy was the best. Of course, being attached to my 
fantastic and beautiful wife made it that much greater. I reached up and 
played with Sue's perfect breasts, rolling her nipples between my 
fingers. Anh and Jane each took one of Sue's tits into their mouth. I 
enjoyed "feeding" my wife's breasts to these sexy women. 
     Sue was bucking over me, increasing her humping with each stroke. 
Sue was shouting obscenities and telling Pat to keep the film rolling. 
Sue said she was going to draw the LAST cum from her husband, no matter 
what she had to do. Jane started to rub my balls, rolling them gently in 
her hand. These women were going to help Sue get that cum from her 
husband. The way things were going, I started to think she was actually 
going to drain me again!!
     All of the women started to talk dirty, telling me how much they 
enjoyed being fucked by me, telling me they were definitely going to 
return as soon as Sue asked them to. Each wanted me to eat her pussy and 
fuck her hard. They continued talking and then Sue started to cum, 
slamming her cunt down on me. She screamed for me to squirt my cum into 
her tight cunt. I felt the boiling cum erupt into my wife, having the 
BEST orgasm of the night. 
     I was TOTALLY spent! My wife rolled off me and there was her 
sister, Pat, diving between her legs to suck my cum from her pussy. 
After a few minutes my wife pushed Pat off, telling her that her pussy 
was getting too sensitive from all of the orgasms she'd had. I looked 
around and all of us looked like we'd had all of the sex we could handle 
for the night. 
     It was getting late and we all started getting dressed and 
straightening ourselves up some. Since Anh and Pam were married and had 
to go home to their husbands, they took a shower before getting dressed. 
Pam said no one could NOT smell the raw sex she'd had. She didn't think 
her husband would believe she'd gone to the movies with her girlfriends 
if she smelled of sex and cum. 
     We all sat around for a little while talking about the night and 
promised to get together again in the near future. Pat promised to bring 
Joe along to "help out John." I told her that maybe at least one of his 
brothers might want to join us, also. All of the girls wanted to know a 
date! We all laughed and Sue said she would get back with each of them. 
Until then, though, Anh and Jane were to "work on" Anh's husband and Pam 
was to think of a way to get her husband interested in joining us. Sue 
said it was only fair for them to share their husbands since she shared 
hers. It sounded like the future was going to hold some interesting 
times for my wife and me. 
     After everyone left, Sue and I showered and crawled into bed. Sue 
wanted to know which of the women I'd most enjoyed fucking. I wasn't 
stupid <G> and told her very honestly that she was without a doubt the 
best at making love and at fucking. I added that the others tonight were 
GREAT FUCKS!
     Sue and I started making out. Her familiar body seemed to mold into 
mine. We "fit" together just right, we seemed to have the perfect 
relationship. I'm a lucky man!

Watch for more, 4thswing is next! 
4th Swing

     This will be Part IV of the series. Hope everyone is enjoying the 
stories of my wife's and my experiences. Sue is helping me write these, 
we are both enjoying sharing our personal experiences with everyone. 
Being anonymous allows us to really open up and reveal what is going on 
across this country in many more bedrooms than you think. Your neighbor 
could be having an orgy right now. Just think what you could be missing! 
Naturally the names here have been changed to protect the "guilty." <G>

     It was mid-January, and the usual January thaw was happening. The 
temperature was all the way up to 45 degrees! I pulled into my driveway 
about 8:30 p.m. It was Friday night and I was getting back from a very 
successful three-day sales trip in another state. I had been driving all 
day but was feeling really good thinking about how much money I had made 
in the last three days. I was really looking forward to getting home to 
my wife, Sue. 
     I had called Sue every night since I left and each time we had 
gotten carried away talking about sex and what we were going to do to 
each other when I returned. The conversations we had would have made 
anyone think I had been gone three months instead of three days! We each 
masturbated over the phone, describing in great detail what our hands 
were doing to our bodies. We both had some great orgasms -- phone sex is 
really great. Each person can say anything they want and also tell the 
other what they would like them to do to themselves. Try it sometime; it 
really makes being away much more bearable. You just have to be 
uninhibited and able to say absolutely anything to your phone sex 
partner. Of course maybe Sue and I are the only people that actually 
masturbate! <G>
     I was supposed to be home two hours ago but had gotten delayed 
because of a lot of construction on the highway. I had pulled off for a 
while to let some of the traffic clear. Sue had been expecting me and I 
knew that by now she would be wondering where I was. She had told me 
that my favorite dinner would be ready when I got home.
     When I was walking up to the front door, I noticed that Pam's 
station wagon was parked in front of the house, by the curb. I was 
wondering if maybe Sue had meant that Pam and she would be my "favorite 
dinner." I licked my lips, I began to look forward to supper, hoping 
that I was right. I hadn't seen Pam since the last time we had her, 
Jane, Anh and Pat over. I remembered her body, those fabulous huge tits, 
that tight pussy, that innocent but curious mind. 
     I walked into the front door and into the kitchen. Sue was standing 
at the counter pouring some wine into three glasses. She jumped when she 
felt me behind her. Sue turned and hugged me, kissing me deeply in 
greeting. I asked if Pam was here and if she had poured the wine for the 
three of us.
     Sue said she had waited for a long time for me to get home. She 
said she had dressed up in her skimpiest and sexiest outfit for me and 
had wanted to greet me at the door when I got home. At about 8:00 p.m. 
the door bell had rung and Sue said she went to the door after putting 
on her full length silk housecoat. She had thought that I was home but 
there was Pam standing there with some man. 
     Pam introduced her HUSBAND to Sue and Sue had invited them in. Pam 
said they needed to talk to Sue and I. Sue told me that she had gotten 
nervous, thinking that maybe Pam's husband had found out about our 
"party" when Pam was supposed to be at the movies. Sue was worried that 
Phil was mad and wanted revenge or something. She said that her fears 
were somewhat calmed when Phil said that he was glad to finally meet 
Pam's friend that Pam had talked so much about. Sue said she was 
wondering just how much Pam had "talked about," saying she had seated 
them in the living room and offered them a drink. 
     So here she was getting them when I got home. 
     I needed a shower after the long drive that day. Maybe it would 
wake me up some, too. I told Sue to serve our guests and tell them I was 
now home and would join everyone shortly.
     I entered the living room about 20 minutes later, feeling very 
refreshed. Sue was sitting across from Phil and Pam, who were sitting on 
the couch. Sue was in her housecoat and I could only guess what she 
might have on under it. My cock gave a stir with that thought. Phil rose 
and we shook hands. He seemed like a friendly type of guy. He was about 
five-foot-six, shorter than Pam by around four inches. He was balding 
slightly and had a slight paunch, but don't we all <G>?
     We did a lot of small talk and then Phil said the real reason they 
had stopped over that night was to discuss something Pam had been 
discussing with him. He said he was a bit upset if what Pam had told him 
was true. Sue and I looked at each other with an "oh-oh" look on our 
faces. Phil told us he was not mad at us, and not really mad at Pam. He 
said that if all of this was true, he just wasn't sure what to think. 
     I asked Phil to tell us just what Pam had been saying. I didn't 
want to volunteer any information yet, just in case we were thinking or 
talking about two different things. He said he felt a little strange 
talking about it with strangers, but continued, saying that lately Pam's 
sex drive has been very different. He said Pam had been wanting to do a 
lot of new things and had begun talking different when they made love. 
He got a little suspicious and asked her right out where she had learned 
all of these things.
     Sue jumped in and seemed a bit embarrassed. She said she had told 
Phil about most of what we all had done that night. She had been having 
guilty feelings about it she said, not because of it being wrong, but 
rather because it had been so GOOD! She said Phil did not believe her at 
all at first. Pam had explained about the other girls and about how I 
had fucked her to blinding orgasms. Phil had started to believe her when 
she had told him about eating another woman's pussy. He figured there 
was no way his innocent wife could make all of this up on her own. He 
demanded proof, Pam told him about our filming of almost the whole 
party. 
     Phil said he really didn't know what to think, he was believing her 
all the more now, since she was talking about all of this in front of my 
wife and I. I mean, WE weren't denying anything! He asked if we really 
had an explicit film of his wife having sex with not only another man 
but a few women, also. I said we did have film of the event, but it was 
for our personal collection and he need not worry about anyone else 
seeing it. I said that if he thought he could handle it, he was welcome 
to watch some or all of it. 
     He hesitated for a long time, looking at his wife. Pam did not look 
like the sex goddess that she had that night. Of course now she was 
fully dressed, and I do mean fully. She had on a long black skirt and a 
plain white blouse that she had buttoned to the top. It was still 
impossible to hide those big breasts of hers, though. How could anyone 
hide 40Ds? 
     He turned to me again and said he thought he MUST see the film. He 
did not want to pass judgment on his wife, or us, until he had seen it 
with his own eyes. I warned him it would be VERY graphic. He said he 
still wanted to see it. 
     Pam, I noticed, was a bit nervous. She had her fingers crossed as I 
loaded the VCR with the tape. I started the tape and sat back down next 
to Sue. We both saw the movie start and saw the five naked women and 
myself burst onto the screen. Sue, Pam, and I were all looking at Phil 
for his reaction. 
     His eyes were glued to the screen as he watched his wife hanging 
her tits into my face, saw me suck one of his wife's nipples into my 
mouth and then bite her tit until she moaned in pleasure. He could see 
the other woman, Jane, fucking up and down on my cock, and saw little 
Anh eating Jane's pussy at the same time. The way Phil looked, it seemed 
quite obvious that he had never seen anything like this. Sue poked me 
and pointed to Phil's crotch. Sue whispered that Phil had a hard-on! 
     Pam noticed us noticing Phil's tent in his pants as he watched the 
movie. When she saw his hard-on she reached over and began rubbing his 
cock through his pants. She looked back at Sue and I and winked, a smile 
forming on her lips. We heard Pam whisper to Phil, softly, but she made 
sure that we could hear. 
     Pam said, "Phil, I'm sorry I felt I had to do that behind your 
back. I needed sex very bad and you were always too busy or too tired. 
Doesn't that look like fun, my love? Wouldn't you like to feel what it 
would be like to fuck another woman, ramming this big cock of yours up 
another girls cunt, squirting your cum deep into her? I would love to 
see you make it with another woman. I want you to watch me get laid, 
too. Watch this film closely honey. You are going to see me do many 
things we never thought of. I can feel that this is turning you on, your 
cock is very hard. Would you like to fuck me with it later?" Then Pam 
stopped talking to let all of what she had said sink in for a few 
minutes. 
     Sue and I were back to watching the movie again. Sue had loosened 
the front of her housecoat. She took my left hand and put it around her 
and inside her housecoat. I caressed her left breast, feeling it come 
alive in my hand. All of this was obviously having quite an effect on my 
wife too. Sue opened the robe further and spread her legs apart. She was 
staring into Phil's eyes! He was watching my wife expose herself 
completely to his gaze. I pulled her robe off to the side, Phil could 
clearly see my wife's open, pink pussy in her crotchless panties.
     I think we knew all was okay when Phil bent to kiss Pam hard on the 
mouth, telling her how bad he needed her. He begged her to forgive him 
for neglecting her needs. He told Pam he would do ANYTHING to make up 
for it. Phil told all of us that the tape was turning him on, not making 
him mad! He actually enjoyed watching his wife having sex with other 
people. Gee, what a pervert. <G>
     Pam told him that what she really wanted was to fuck me while he 
watched. It would be the ULTIMATE turn-on for her, she said, to have her 
husband watch another man ramming his cock into her hot pussy. Pam asked 
if Sue and I were in the mood for some sex games. How could we refuse? 
Sue was masturbating her pussy while Phil watched intently. He had 
unbuttoned most of Pam's blouse and had his hand inside her bra, 
fondling her right tit. Phil asked if I minded if he watched me fuck his 
wife. He thought he could handle it, even though this was coming at him 
pretty fast, it seemed. I told him I would gladly fuck Pam and that if 
he wanted, he could join in at any time.
     Phil asked if HE could tape us having sex. The idea was turning 
this guy on real bad! Sue got the camcorder for him, loaded it and 
showed him how to point and shoot it. I saw Sue whisper into Phil's ear. 
She later told me that she had told Phil that after I fucked Pam he was 
very welcome to fuck her in front of Pam. Then she could see how it 
feels to have your spouse fucking another person in front of you. Now I 
knew why Phil had a big smile on his face as he watched Sue drop her 
robe to the floor and sit back onto the couch. He was staring at my wife 
in her "skimps" and she was enjoying teasing him.
     I got up and undressed. When I stood before Pam, totally naked, my 
cock stretched out in front of me in anticipation, she leaned forward. 
As she took my cock into her mouth, her eyes were staring at her 
husband, who was intently watching her every move. He began taping, not 
wanting to miss a thing. 
     While Pam was licking and sucking my cock for her husband's visual 
pleasure, she was removing her blouse and then her bra. Her large tits 
sprang free and she pushed them up and around my cock. I fucked her 
between her tits. Pam licked my cock head each time I fucked forward. 
Phil had one hand down, rubbing his cock through his pants. 
     Sue couldn't resist and went over to Phil, knelt down and unzipped 
his pants. She reached inside and drew his cock out and said, "Phil, you 
have such a beautiful cock! Would you like me to put your cock into my 
mouth and suck you off while you watch my husband fuck your wife?" Sue 
unbuttoned Phil's pants completely and dropped them to the floor, he 
stepped out of them and stood naked from the waist down, still filming 
his wife and I. As Sue took ALL of his cock down her throat I could see 
that he was getting wobbly knees. <G>
     Pam stood and took the rest of her clothes off. Her body was all I 
remembered. Her tits were sooo big, her bush wet and ready to be fucked. 
Pam laid back on the couch, sort of hanging her ass over the edge. I 
knelt between her legs and she reached down, grabbed my cock, and rubbed 
it up and down her wet pussy lips. I could see her clit standing up, a 
hard little button. 
     Pam said, "Phil, watch me close, now. I am going to take John's 
cock and put it in my cunt -- yes, my cunt! I like to talk dirty when I 
am getting fucked and you should get used to it. Look at his cock 
sliding into your wife's pussy! Look, my love, another man has his big 
cock buried inside me. I am going to fuck John until he sprays my pussy 
with his cum. If you want to, you can watch Sue eat his cum from my 
pussy when he finishes fucking me. Or you could suck my pussy dry, if 
you would like. OH PHIL! I am so stuffed with John's big cock! I just 
love fucking! I'm CUMMMMING! AHHHH! OH, YES! FUCK ME, JOHN! SLAM THAT 
ROD INTO MY CUNT!"
     Pam was really getting into putting on this show for her husband. 
Phil was taking it all quite well, actually. Of course, what could he 
say? There he stood, filming his wife getting fucked while my wife was 
swallowing his cock like a sword swallower. Phil told my wife that she 
had better stop, as he was so close to cumming. He didn't want to UPSET 
her by cumming in her mouth. <G> Sue told him she wanted him to fill her 
stomach with his cum, she wanted to taste his spunk. Sue told him she 
loved sucking a man to orgasm and swallowing his cum. 
     Phil leaned forward and I could see he was starting to blast his 
load into my wife's throat. Sue was trying very hard to catch ALL of his 
cum. She got most of it, but used her fingers to catch the rest. Phil 
watched my wife lick his cum from her fingers with a smile. Sue said 
that his cum was very sweet-tasting.
     Pam started another orgasm when she saw her husband cum in Sue's 
mouth. She yelled for me to join her and fill her womb with my sperm. 
Phil watched as I slammed into his wife and came deep inside her body. I 
was squeezing both of her tits in my hands, leaving red marks on them. 
Pam was bucking against me, milking my cum into herself. 
     When I finished, Phil put the camera on the tripod and watched as I 
rolled away from his wife. Sue crawled over to Pam and buried her face 
in her cunt. Sue sure loved cum! She was sucking Pam's pussy, cleaning 
all of my cum from her that she could get. Sue told Phil to get 
completely naked and join her at his wife's pussy. 
     He was naked in seconds and lifted Pam's legs up and around his 
shoulders. He buried his mouth and tongue in her cunt. He said he could 
taste me in his wife's pussy. He was so turned on, he didn't seem to 
care that he was eating another man's cum from his wife's cunt. I 
reached over and played with Pam's big tits as her husband worked her 
over pussy. I got into position and let Pam take my semi-hard cock into 
her mouth. I was hard again in no time. I began fucking Pam's mouth and 
Phil had a close-up view. Pam came AGAIN! When Phil finally pulled away 
from her cunt, his face was covered in pussy juice. Sue bent over and 
licked it from his face and lips, planting a deep tongue kiss on him. 
     We all sat up and laughed as we all looked over at the TV again, 
there was Pam in the "69" position with Sue. Phil asked Pam if she 
enjoyed lesbian lovemaking. Pam said that the orgasms that she got from 
another woman were very intense -- not better than with a man, but 
different. Sue asked if Phil and I would like to watch her and Pam 
together. Sue was really getting hooked on eating pussy and having 
another woman eat her pussy. Phil said he would love to see two women 
together. As long as they had gone this far, what possible difference 
could one more new sex act have? He seemed to have gotten used to this 
open-sex stuff and I knew we would be getting together more. 
     Pam was on her back. Sue crawled between her legs. Phil and I 
watched as Sue opened Pam's pussy lips with her fingers. Sue pulled the 
skin down and around Pam's clit and bent to suck it into her mouth. Pam 
began humping with her ass and moaning in pleasure. Sue started licking 
Pam in real earnest, now. She was slurping and making sucking noises, 
knowing that she was turning on both of us men. 
     Pam lifted her head and asked Phil if he would like to fuck Sue 
while he watched her eat her. Phil looked at me, as if for approval, and 
when I nodded my okay, he positioned himself on his knees behind my 
wife. He moved forward and lifted her ass until she was on her knees. 
Phil could see her open pussy staring at him. 
     Pam said, "My darling Phil, I want to watch you fuck into Sue. I 
want you to feel how GOOD sex with others can be. Don't ever worry about 
losing me -- I am yours forever. We can always have sex with others and 
still love each other forever. Go ahead, honey, stick your beautiful 
cock in her, fuck her hard, blast your load into her. Her pussy will 
squeeze your cum from your balls!"
     I saw Sue reach under herself and place Phil's cock at the opening 
to her drenched pussy. Sue told him to ram it in and he slammed forward, 
burying himself in one stroke. Sue let out a roar as she was filled with 
his cock. Phil wasn't quite as long as I was, but his cock was bigger 
around than even Joe's! I could tell from my wife's face that she really 
felt stuffed! 
     He began a steady fucking in and out of Sue and she was bucking 
back into him. Sue continued licking Pam's pussy and Pam reached for my 
cock, saying she wanted it in her mouth again. With my cock in Pam's 
mouth I could feel how hard Phil was slamming into Sue from behind. Sue 
was grunting like an animal as she was getting loaded with cock. Phil 
didn't last more than a couple of minutes. Who could blame him? This was 
the first new pussy for him; he had to be overly excited. Sue didn't 
mind. She started her own orgasm when she felt the first blast of Phil's 
cum shoot into her. 
     I think Phil was enjoying himself.
     We decided to take a break. We had more wine and talked about 
relationships. Pam mentioned her fantasy to fuck a really large cock, 
reminding us about what we had told her about Joe. Phil's curiosity 
showed as he asked Pam who and what she was talking about. 
     Pam told him, "Joe is one of the boyfriends of Sue's sister, Pat. 
Pat and Sue have told me that Joe is a very big, handsome black man. Sue 
says his cock is 12 inches long and as big around as my wrist! Pat wants 
to share him with us other girls and thinks Joe would be available any 
time. My darling husband, how would you like to see your 'innocent' 
white wife being fucked by this big, good-looking black man? If you 
wouldn't mind, I would love to have him join us sometime. It would be 
such a turn-on to see his big, black cock enter my pink and white pussy; 
knowing that you were watching me would make it a REAL turn-on."
     Phil looked at bit shocked at his wife's suggestion of going to bed 
with a black man. Phil said, "Honey, I never would have believed that 
you would want to fuck another man, and never would've thought you would 
want to be fucked by a black man. I don't know what gave me that 
impression, really, I guess I just thought you were too straight to 
handle interracial sex. 
     "If only I would have known about six months ago. There is a black 
guy at work, a pretty good friend of mine. One day he and I were talking 
at lunch and telling each other stories about our sexual escapades in 
years gone by. He said he used to know four couples that liked to get 
together with him regularly. He is 30 years old now, and said that since 
he moved here, he hadn't met any other couples that liked to share with 
another man. He wished he knew someone around here that would like to 
share his wife with him. He said he really got into threesomes. Todd, 
that's his name, said he even had a foxy girlfriend with coffee-colored 
skin who had always wanted to fuck a white man and make it with a woman. 
I told him I would LOVE to share you with him and also fuck his friend 
but that there was NO WAY that you would go along with having sex with 
another man, and certainly not a woman! Since you are looking forward so 
much to being with this Joe guy, why don't we try and get hold of him 
and arrange something? Maybe another time we could invite Todd and his 
girlfriend over."
     Sue said she had Joe's number and would try to set something up 
within the next couple of weeks. Sue told Pam that she and I wanted to 
be there, also, as Sue wanted to fuck Joe again and was drooling at the 
prospect. Sue called Joe at home, apologizing for calling so late (it 
was around 11:30 p.m.). It sounded like Joe was glad to hear from her. 
She explained what we all had in mind. Sue and Joe talked for about 10 
minutes and then she hung up and sat down next to Phil on the floor. 
     We all wanted to know what Joe had said and when we were to get 
together. Sue said that Joe would BE OVER IN 20 MINUTES! She said Joe 
had an old girlfriend over at his place and they were just getting 
heated up and ready for an evening of wild sex. He had asked his friend, 
Cassandra, if she was up for any games tonight and I guess she had 
hesitantly agreed to come along to our house. Joe told Sue that Cassy 
was 19 years old, six feet tall, about 155 pounds and had BLACK, BLACK 
skin. He let Sue know that NO ONE would NOT appreciate a chance at 
burying a cock or tongue in Cassy, that she was a stone FOX. Supposedly 
Cassy had never been involved in group sex, never had a white man, and 
had never made it with a woman. He added that he wasn't so sure that she 
would be comfortable touching another woman or being touched by one. 
     As Sue was telling her eager listeners, she reached over and was 
fondling Phil's cock. She asked him if he minded the chance to fulfill 
his two fantasies of seeing his wife with a black man and also fucking a 
beautiful black woman on such short notice. He said he was a bit 
nervous, but if Pam and the rest of us didn't mind, he was game! We sat 
around talking for about 25 minutes and then the doorbell rang.
     Sue slipped into her housecoat and went to let Joe and Cassy in. 
She led them to the living room and when Cassy saw Phil, Pam, and I 
sitting around the fire naked, she stopped dead in her tracks in the 
doorway. Joe told her to "lighten up" and led her into the room. Joe's 
eyes lit up when he saw Pam. He seemed amazed at the size of her melons. 
     Everyone was introduced and by the time I had served a round of 
wine, everyone seemed to be at ease and getting along just fine. Cassy 
seemed to be enjoying herself, laughing loudly at something Sue had 
said. We talked for another fifteen minutes or so and Sue begged Joe and 
Cassy to "get comfortable." Cassy asked if she could undress in another 
room. She was being modest. Sue pointed the way to the bedroom and Joe 
led Cassy to it. After about five minutes, which seemed like hours, the 
bedroom door opened and in walked Joe and Cassy, naked as the day they 
were born.
     The girls were staring at Joe's huge cock, which wasn't even hard 
yet. Each of them had her mouth hanging open in awe of the size of Joe's 
weapon. Phil was really stunned when he saw Joe's size but got totally 
distracted when Cassy stepped out of the bedroom behind Joe. 
     "Stone fox" did not come close to doing this woman justice. She was 
a magnificent Amazon! This woman was, without a doubt, into keeping in 
shape. She had managed to look like every muscle in her body was in 
perfect tone without looking muscular. Every curve was smooth and soft-
looking. Her skin was even darker that Joe's, more the coal-black color 
of Joe's cock. Her tits were not large, but by no means small. They were 
perfectly shaped, the aureoles almost indistinguishable because of the 
beautiful dark skin color she had. Her pussy was covered with short, 
curly hair. I could see her big pussy lips between her legs. If she had 
not have been so dark-skinned, I am sure that she would have been 
turning 50 shades of red; she was obviously nervous about being naked in 
front of virtual strangers. We couldn't help but stare. I'm sure that 
didn't help her nervousness.
     Joe led Cassy over and sat her down between Phil and me. He sat 
between my wife and Pam. Phil told Cassy that she was a very beautiful 
woman, commenting on how hard she must work to achieve and keep this 
fantastic body. Cassy graciously accepted the comment and told us that 
she worked in a gym as a trainer and was into keeping fit. Phil and I 
glanced at our own "spare tires" nervously; we weren't exactly Mr. 
Universes. Cassy noticed our discomfort and said she liked to keep her 
body hard, but loved older, more "cuddly" men. She said the male body 
builders at her gym were conceited and into themselves. She felt a lot 
more comfortable with good-looking men like us. Phil and I perked up at 
that. 
     I looked over at my wife and saw that she had her right hand 
pumping up and down on Joe's massive cock. Pam, sitting on the other 
side of Joe, had her left hand just below Sue's on Joe's cock and was 
pumping it to the same rhythm as Sue. It looked like two or three more 
hands had room to fit on his length yet! I reached over and began 
caressing Cassy's thigh. I told her that her skin was as soft as it 
looked. She said that she was amazed at how white my hand was against 
her skin color. Phil, while intently watching his wife jack-off another 
man, began rubbing Cassy's other thigh. 
     Cassy said she had never had more than one lover at a time and that 
she'd only had black lovers before. This was very different for her, she 
said, more of a turn-on than she could have imagined. She reached out 
with both hands, taking my cock in one and Phil's in the other. I told 
her that if size meant a lot to her, we were not going to be able to 
compare with Joe's equipment. Cassy said Joe was an "exception," that 
she could only take his big cock every once and a while. A steady diet 
of his cock made her too sore, she said. 
     "Your beautiful white cocks are just the right size for me. I am 
really getting hot. I would just love it if one of you would eat my 
pussy for me. Joe is one of the very few of my lovers that enjoy oral 
sex. That's another reason I go out with him now and then. I don't know 
why, but most black men have an aversion to licking a woman -- many 
don't even like a woman to suck their cocks. They think that it's dirty 
or perverted, I guess. Joe told me that white men are really into oral 
sex. That is probably one of the reasons I agreed to come along here 
tonight." 
     Cassy laid back, opening her legs to give us each a perfect view of 
her black pussy. I reached out and spread the lips, exposing her 
engorged clit. It stood up, hard as a rock. I looked at Phil and said 
that I just had to bury my tongue in Cassy's tight cunt. 
     I laid between her legs and slurped my tongue through her pussy 
lips, causing her to hump her ass off the floor and her pussy into my 
face. She was mumbling about how great it felt, about how sensitive her 
pussy and clit were. She said she just loved to have her pussy licked, 
begging me to lick her faster and harder. 
     Phil knelt beside Cassy's head and fed her his rock hard cock. She 
sucked it in like a vacuum, grabbing his ass and pulling his crotch 
tighter into her face. I could see Phil's whole cock buried in Cassy's 
mouth. She was making loud sloppy slurping noises. I reached up and 
grabbed her tits in my hands. I loved to see my white hands squeezing 
that amazing, soft, black flesh. The skin was very silky.Her tits were 
as hard as tits could get, though. This was definitely a 19-year-old 
hard-body! Phil was fucking her mouth like it was a pussy. Cassy was 
taking every hard plunge deep in her throat, not missing a beat. 
     It didn't take long, Cassy moaned loudly around the cock in her 
mouth as she had her first orgasm of the night. I sucked and nibbled at 
her clit to intensify her cum. She held my head steady against her 
crotch and slammed her pussy into my face. I looked up and saw Phil 
blast his cum into Cassy's mouth and then watched as she removed his 
cock from her mouth and aimed the spurting weapon at her face. She said 
she loved the feel of a man cumming on her face. She loved how hot white 
cum felt and looked on her as a man unloaded his cream onto her face. 
     I could hear moans and sighs from behind me where my wife, Pam and 
Joe were, but I had other things on my mind just then. I wanted to stick 
my 38-year-old cock into this 19-year-old black beauty and nothing was 
going to stop me now. I mounted Cassy and slammed into her pussy. She 
let out a big grunt as I impaled her with my cock. Cassy's legs flew 
open and up and she wrapped her ankles around my neck. 
     She screamed, "Fuck me, white boy! I want to fell that big white 
cock of yours buried in my little black pussy! Ram it to me -- don't 
stop! I can't get enough of this! FUCK ME! Slam my pussy -- shove your 
cock right through me!" Phil was playing with her tits as I fucked her 
with all of the energy I could muster. I hoped Phil and I could keep up 
with the sex-starved 19-year-old girl tonight. 
     Cassy told me not to cum inside her. She wanted to see the cum 
blast from my cock onto her black body. I felt like I would cum at any 
second and pulled out of her tight, clenching cunt. I knelt next to her 
and masturbated my cock, pointing it at her chest and face. Phil moved 
around and filled her empty pussy with his cock as soon as I had vacated 
it. Cassy commented on the wonderful thickness of Phil's cock. 
     I pumped my cock a little more and then shot a wad of cum right 
into Cassy's forehead. The next shot caught her just above the mouth. As 
my cum dripped from her forehead and lips, she hurriedly lapped up the 
drippings with her tongue. The rest of my cum landed on her tits and she 
began rubbing my white cum into her skin. 
     As I pumped the last drops from my cock onto Cassy, Phil filled her 
pussy with his load. He slammed into her cunt hard and held himself 
deeply inside of her milking cunt as he spurted stream after stream of 
burning juice into her. She squeezed her cunt muscles hard, getting the 
last of Phil's cum from his balls. 
     I sat back and saw my wife sitting on Joe, squatting over his 
massive cock. She was raising up and down on him, worming every inch of 
his member into her body that she could get. Sue was totally oblivious 
to any presence other than her pussy and that wonderful black cock 
stuffing it. She was rubbing her clit with one hand as she held her lips 
wide apart with the other to help make room for this big bat she was 
sitting on. I could see the moisture dripping from her exposed, open, 
pink, pussy. She looked like she was going to be busy for a while.
     Phil rolled off Cassy and was quickly replaced by Pam. Pam 
immediately began running her tongue inside Cassy's pussy. She was 
intent on sucking her husband's cum from this beautiful young girls 
pussy. She could see why Phil had seemed to enjoy fucking Cassy so much. 
She was so young and vibrant, her pussy so clean and fresh. 
     Cassy began moaning, thinking that it was me sucking her pussy 
again. When she reached down to grab "my" head to pull it deeper and 
harder into her crotch, she was startled to feel a woman's hair. She 
lifted her head and saw Pam slaving away on her dripping pussy. Cassy 
said she had thought that woman/woman sex was revolting, at least BEFORE 
now. She couldn't believe how absolutely wonderful Pam's tongue felt in 
her cunt! She begged Pam not to stop until she had another orgasm. Cassy 
told Pam that if she would make her cum with her mouth that she would 
GLADLY do the same for her. 
     Pam kept licking like a woman possessed. The idea that this young 
black girl, newly bisexual, would be eating her pussy very soon drove 
her to succeed in making Cassy cum. Cassy exploded in a very intense 
orgasm. Her pussy seemed to pour out liquid as she slammed against Pam's 
mouth. Pam was feverishly trying to slurp the girl's cum as it poured 
from her young pussy. 
     After Pam finished, she rolled over onto her back and said, "Your 
turn. Make me cum with your mouth. Just do to me what you would want 
done to you. Once you taste a woman's pussy, believe me, you will 
absolutely LOVE IT!" 
     Cassy rolled obediently between Pam's legs and stared in 
fascination at the first woman's pussy she had ever seen close up, 
besides her own, of course. She hesitantly reached out with her fingers 
and spread Pam's lips, exposing her hard clit. Cassy's pink tongue 
snaked out, flipping over the nub in flicking motions. She seemed to 
enjoy the response and encouragement she was getting from Pam. Here she 
was, sucking her first pussy, a white pussy, after being fucked silly by 
two handsome white men. She had decided that meeting Joe was one of the 
luckiest things that had happened in her life. She experienced so many 
"firsts" with him. 
     As Phil watched his wife being eaten by Cassy we both got the same 
idea and knelt on either side of her head. We leaned forward and Pam 
grabbed both cocks in her hands. She took turns licking and sucking our 
cocks into her mouth. Once she tried to get both cocks into her mouth at 
once but had to settle for one at a time. Pam lifted her legs to allow 
Cassy easier access to her open cunt, Phil and I each grabbed one of her 
legs and held them straight up. Each of us could see Cassy's beautiful 
black face working intently between Pam's thighs. She alternated between 
sticking her tongue deep inside Pam and licking in long strokes the 
length of that wide open pink cunt. 
     Pam was nearing her long-awaited orgasm. Her face was very flushed 
and her neck muscles tensed in anticipation of the explosion that she 
knew was cumming. Pam said, "Honey watch Cassy make me cum. Isn't she 
wonderful? her tongue is going to make me cum. Here I CUM -- AH -- MY -- 
LOOOOORRRRRD I'm creaming! Oh, my darling girl, it feels soooooo 
GOOOOOD! EAT MY CUNT! SWALLOW MY CUM! Show my husband how his wife can 
cum by another woman! Phil, when Cassy is done I want you to see me load 
Joe's big black cock into my wet pussy. I need you to watch me get 
fucked hard, see that hunk of a man slam his cock deep in your wife's 
pussy. I need to be filled -- I want to feel Joe fuck me!"
     I looked over in time to see my glowing wife removing herself from 
Joe's cock. She had screamed her orgasm about the same time Pam had. Joe 
was still erect, hard as ever; obviously he hadn't cum yet. 
     Joe rose and crawled between Pam's legs. She lifted her legs until 
her ankles were beside her head. Her pussy was wide open, dripping and 
flexing in anticipation of her approaching adulterous act. Phil, very 
surprisingly, reached out and took Joe's cock in his hand. He quickly 
said, "Joe, don't get nervous -- I am NOT a queer. I just thought that 
the first time my wife is fucked by a big black man, I should be the one 
to feed her the cock." 
     Joe relaxed and allowed Phil to grip his cock and rub it over this 
beautiful white woman's pussy. Phil said, "Sweetheart, are you sure you 
want to try and get this big thing in you? It is so huge! I can't even 
get MY hand around it." 
     Pam answered by raising her hips, opening her pussy wider. Phil 
shoved Joe's cock into the opening of his wife's cunt and watched as 
more and more of that black rod disappeared into his wife's body. He was 
obviously enjoying seeing his wife fuck up against this man. 
     Phil sat back and let Joe continue shoving his cock into Pam. Pam 
watched her husband's face as her pussy swallowed up this recent 
stranger's cock. Pam moaned, "My love, my husband, look at that big cock 
this wonderful man is shoving into your wife's cunt. Watch my pussy 
swallow every inch of his black cock. I LOVE having you watch me 
fucking! I love you soooo much -- you are so good to me. Thank you for 
letting me fulfill my sexual fantasies; you are so special to me. OH 
GOD! I AM SO FULL OF COCK! LOOK AT ME, PHIL -- HE'S BURIED ALL OF HIS 
BIG BLACK COCK IN ME! IT FEELS LIKE NOTHING I'VE EVER FELT BEFORE! I 
FEEL SO STUFFED! I CAN'T WAIT TO FEEL JOE SHOOT HIS CUM INSIDE ME!"
     Joe began a steady rhythm of fucking into Phil's wife. He got on 
his knees and we all got a perfect view of his big cock going in and out 
of Pam's cunt. Joe reached and grabbed Pam's tits in his hands. 
     "Jeezuz woman, your tits are huge! How could a woman in good shape 
like you have such giant tits? My big black hands look so good on your 
white skinned tits and your pink nipples. Sometime I want to fuck your 
tits. You could lick my cock head as I fuck them." 
     Then Joe screamed that he was about to cum, he said he had been 
pretty close when fucking my wife. She had just beat him there. Pam 
yelled for Joe to fill her with his cum and he blasted load after load 
into this beautiful white woman with his giant black cock. 
     Joe said he loved fucking white women so much because they seemed 
SO appreciative of and amazed at the size of his cock. He pulled his 
cock out of Pam with a loud plopping sound. Her pussy was flowing with 
his scalding cum. 
     Cassy said she "owed" Pam one more orgasm. She dove into that white 
pussy and lapped up all the cum she could get her tongue on. Pam started 
to cum as soon as Cassy stuck her tongue deep into her pussy and sucked 
her boyfriend's cum into her mouth. Cassy was swallowing the gobs of 
white cum she had lapped up. 
     Before the night was over, I fucked Cassy, Pam and my wife once 
more. Phil and Joe did, also. By two in the morning we were ALL FUCKED 
OUT! 
     Before leaving, Cassy asked Sue and I if she could "visit" us some 
time soon by herself. She had really enjoyed our company and the sex was 
THE BEST. Sue told me, later that night, that Cassy had asked if she 
thought that I might like to try fucking her in the ass. Cassy said she 
had dreamed of trying ass fucking ever since she saw a movie with Joe a 
year or so ago. In it they had watched a Japanese couple fucking in 
many, many positions -- a couple of them showing the man sticking his 
cock into the little woman's asshole. 
     Sue said she'd told Cassy that she, herself, enjoyed ass fucking, 
as long as the man wasn't TOO big. We invited Cassy to cum back the 
following Saturday night.
     When everyone was gone, Sue and I showered together. We soaped up 
each others bodies, rinsed, dried and crawled into bed. As usual, after 
a night of wild sex with other people, we were wiped out. We kissed 
passionately, telling each other how much we loved the other. Tomorrow 
is another day, next Saturday another orgy! I plan on resting up all 
week!
     
     Stay tuned for Part V! You never know who might show up!

5TH SWING
By Sue

     Hi there! I told John I'd like to try telling you all about one of
our adventures. John is going to write the story while I try my hand at
telling the story from my point of view. Sometimes a woman's point of
view is different from a man's...(John is laughing and Sue can't figure
out why. Sue *is* a blonde... <G>). "John, stop laughing!"
     Anyway, I just thought that you guys -- and hopefully, you women
out there -- would enjoy hearing "my side" of fun. After all I was
there, too. John said that if I was real good at telling a story that I
could get the readers really turned on. I get WET just thinking about
all of you getting wet or hard -- whichever the case may be. <G> I am
going to masturbate while I tell this story. Just think of me sitting on
a large futon, naked and with my legs spread to show John my pussy. John
loves to watch me please myself. He gets so turned on when I talk dirty
while I touch my hot pussy. I haven't even started the story yet and I
am already close to orgasm! I wish that you ALL could be here to watch
me right now.

     This story begins on a Friday night. John and I had made 10:30 PM
reservations for a dinner cruise on the lake. Before the cruise, we had
to drop some business briefs off at our attorney's home. Mr. Hanson
lives about an hour north of us and we thought that we should leave our
place by 7:30. We figured an hour each way and an hour to spare for some
conversation at Mr. Hanson's and parking downtown before the cruise.
     I had set up a babysitter for our son for the evening. We normally
used one of three high school girls. Tonight, Alexia was the first one
available. Alex, as she likes to be called, told us that it was her 18th
birthday, but she didn't have a boyfriend right now and all of her
girlfriends were either busy or away on summer vacation. I told her
that since she was going to be sitting in a house babysitting on her
18th birthday, John and I would pay her double her normal sitting fee.
She seemed really pleased at that. I told her I would need to pick
her up by 7:00 p.m. and we would take her home when we returned from
the cruise at about 1 or 1:30 AM.
     John and I were going all out for tonight. We hadn't been out on
this formal cruise in a long time and were both really looking forward
to it. The cruise included a fantastic dinner, all drinks and dancing
to a very good band. We always met some really nice and fun people
on the cruise. We were hoping that since we were into swinging now,
we would meet a "fantasy" couple and get together with them after
the cruise.
     John wore his black tuxedo. He always looks like such a hunk in it.
Men in tuxedos always look so sexy. John and I had gone shopping the
weekend before and he'd helped me pick out a very sexy skintight dress
at Victoria's Secret. I just love their clothes. I always pick up some
skimpy underwear and other sexy little things when I go there.
     I wish you guys could see me in this dress. Even at 38, I keep my
body in great shape. Not too many women my age can comfortably wear a
dress that hugs the body like this one does. It is real short, too. My
long, slender legs in dark stockings with a garter belt and high heels
really made me look good, if I do say so myself. The dress is very low
cut in the front. My braless tits swell from the top. There isn't a back
to speak of, either. My ass looks like I was poured into the dress, John
likes that! I wore a red pair of crotchless panties, I told John that
MAYBE I would flash some guy or maybe even another woman if I got the
chance.
     I was getting hot thinking of all the men that would be looking at
me. I knew they would be thinking about fucking me; that really
turned me on. When I was ready, I modeled for John, who got a hard-on as
I danced for him. I told him that I had to get the sitter right away, but he
wanted to FUCK NOW! I really would have liked feeling his big cock in
me -- I like quickies -- but knew we couldn't be late for the cruise.
     I dodged John and went out the door to the garage. I almost made it
to the car when a car pulled into the driveway. It was a neighbor who
lived about a quarter-mile down the road. When he got out of the car he was
staring at my body with his mouth hanging open. He had never seen me
dressed like this and I felt a little embarrassed. No one we knew was
supposed to see me dressed like this!
     I smiled at Bob and asked what I could do for him. I think that was the wrong question. He smiled and told me he'd better
not tell me the truth about what I could do for him.
     He complemented me on my dress, saying that he wished his wife
was a "looker" like me. I thanked Bob, but told him that I was in a real
hurry and had to get going. He stood there, trying to remember why he
had stopped by, and raped me with his eyes.
     I know I was blushing when I got in the car and my dress rode up. I
knew that Bob had gotten a GOOD view of my naked pussy and began to
enjoy teasing him.
     He started talking about looking for his dog, which had run off. I
closed the car door, rolled the window down and turned toward Bob
again. There he was, standing right next to the car with a BIG hard-on. He
was standing straight up so I couldn't see his face but I knew what he
was looking at. My tits were thrusting against the tight dress material.
My nipples were hard and quite visible. I put my head out of the window.
He jumped back just in time; I'd almost stuck my face right in his crotch.
I told him I hadn't seen his dog and really had to go. He said
thanks anyway and drove off. I bet he went somewhere and jacked off
before he went home.
     I got to Alex's place about 7:15. She was waiting on the front
porch already and ran out to the car when she saw me pull up. When she
saw the way I was dressed, she whistled and told me I looked really
great. The compliment from an 18-year-old girl made me feel proud
of my body and attitude. She asked how John liked me in this and I told
her that he had tried to attack me before I left to pick her up. I
even told her about the neighbor. We both laughed for quite a while
about that.
     Alex was a sweet little girl. She and I talked like close
girlfriends on the trip to our house. She started talking about her
boyfriends and sex. I guess the dress had given her some ideas. She told
me she was still a virgin, shocking me. I didn't think that any
girl 18-years-old was still a virgin! Alex said that she had always
promised her mother, a widow for six years, that she would not have sex
until she was at least 18. She wanted her daughter "to be a bit more
mature before she made an adult decision about something as complicated
as sex." Alex had agreed and made a promise, saying she could not
break a promise to her wonderful mother. She said that she and her 46-
year-old mother were best of friends and talked about everything
comfortably.
     Alex added that it had cost her MANY a boyfriend. She said
boys were ALWAYS horny and always wanted sex. She had given one boy a
hand job once and all that did was make him want to get into her pants
even more! I couldn't help but giggle, thinking of this young little
thing jacking off a young stud. I think I felt a little moisture around
my cunt at the thought, too. I told her there was plenty of time for
sex and she should never feel pressured to do anything she
didn't want to do. I added that when she met the right guy, she would
know. She said her mother had talked to her about going on the pill
if she thought she might have sex and she had been on it for
about four months now, just in case.
     When we got back to the house, John was standing out front looking
at his watch. It was getting late and I knew we had to get going. I told
Alex that our son was watching TV and should be put to bed at 9:00 p.m.
I told her to make herself at home and John and I drove off.
     We weren't making very good time because of weekend traffic heading
north. The Interstate going south was nearly empty, but traffic in the
northbound lanes was only moving about 50-55.
     We pulled into the lawyer's drive at about 9:00 p.m. We were
pushing it now, but knew the drive back would be quicker and that we
could make up some time. About fifteen minutes after getting back on the
Interstate, cruising at 70, the engine died -- completely.No lights, no
power at all. John was able to pull off to the side and he got out to
take a look -- you know, when a man opens the hood and stands there
looking at the engine as if the problem will somehow jump out at him,
acting like he can fix anything. (John frowns!)
     He got back in saying he couldn't figure out what was wrong, but
that it was probably electrical. That really helped! We HAD to get going
or we were going to miss our boat. John said that it was three or four
miles either way to an exit where we could get help. He said we might
just as well sit it out, since a State Patrol car was bound to be along
soon. Our only hope was that a Patrol would come in the next 10-15
minutes and that he had an auto mechanic riding along with him.
     At 10:10 a wrecker pulled up. He said an unmarked car had passed,
heading to an accident north of here, and called his station to come out
and help the downed motorist. John and he talked about the car for a
couple of minutes and after fiddling around with something under the
hood for about 15 minutes the car was running again.
     We knew that our ship had sailed, so to speak! We thanked the
wrecker driver and paid him for a service call. He had noticed how we
were dressed, especially me, and said that it looked like we were going
to a fun party.
     John and I discussed our next move and just decided to head home.
We had lost the mood for going out after sitting along the road for so
long and missing our cruise. The wasted $175.00 for the tickets didn't
make the night a thrill, either! I told John that we would still pay the
sitter for six hours and double the rate for her birthday.
     It was 11:30 by the time we pulled into our driveway. I told John
to leave the car out; I would put it in the garage after I took Alexia
home. The house was dark except for the light in the kitchen and one in
the den. I could tell Alex was watching TV from the flashing lights on
the curtains. We went in through the kitchen entrance and I took my
shoes off; my feet were sore in these high heels.
     I went up the back stairs to check on our son and came down the
front stairs. I walked towards the den and from the hallway I could here
some strange noises coming from the den. I heard moaning and the
unmistakable sound of more than one person having SEX. I was really
surprised, not knowing whether to continue to the den or go back to the
kitchen and make some noise. Maybe if they heard us enter they could get
dressed and decent before we came in and embarrassed them. I wondered
who Alex was fucking, thinking about a young hardbody boy pumping into
her young little body.
     I decided to return to the kitchen and tell John what was going on
in our den and ask him what he thought we should do. I explained about
the earlier conversation with Alex but added that I had no idea that she
had planned on losing her cherry that night at our house. We weren't
actually supposed to be back for a couple of hours or so.
     John thought that it would be more fun to walk in on the couple,
adding that it would help her remember her first time better. I should
have figured that my husband would want to make a game of this. I knew
that he didn't want to pass up a chance at seeing a young 18-year-old
girl getting laid for the first time, either. He wouldn't admit it, but
I thought seeing Alex's naked body was the main priority in his idea to
walk in on them.
     John took his shoes off and the two of us headed for the den. We
could hear them really getting into the sex. It sounded like her
boyfriend was talking dirty to her. We could hear her moan. Then we
heard a moan from an obviously different person. It was a much higher
pitched voice. I could swear that this moan was from Alex. If that were
true, then who was the other girl? John and I looked at each other and
smiled.
     John stuck his head around the corner to peak into the den. He
looked in, staring for about 20 seconds, and then pulled back quickly.
He softly whispered in my ear that our shy little babysitter was
watching one of our private-collection movies! John said he had been
editing one of the tapes of our parties the night before and had
forgotten to put it in our locked chest. She must have been looking for
something to watch and popped it into the VCR to see what was on it.
     John told me to peak around the corner to see what was going on. I
expected to see Alex humping some young boy. She was on the futon, her
shorts and panties laying on the floor next to her. She was intently
watching the TV and had her hand in her crotch, rubbing her little pussy
furiously. On the screen, I could see John fucking my sister, Pat, doggy
style. The shots alternated between John fucking Pat, and her handsome,
black, boyfriend nailing me to the floor with his huge black rod sliding
in and out of my pink and white pussy.
     I didn't know whether to be embarrassed or turned on. What if Alex
told anyone else about the movies of our adventures? Alex was reaming
her pussy with two fingers of one hand while the other hand rubbed her
clit hard and fast. Every now and then she would put the fingers that
had just been in her pussy into her mouth and lick her own juices. She
was completely oblivious to our presence. John had stuck his head around
the doorway and was intently watching the show, too. He had reached into
the front of my dress and pulled my left breast out, massaging the
nipple to erection. I reached behind me and felt his HARD cock through
his tuxedo pants.
     Alex is a very cute girl, though by no means a fox. I figured that
she was about five-foot-two and 105 pounds. Her measurements were
probably about 34B-24-32. Her breasts seemed fully developed and her
hips would fill in more in a few years and round her out quite nicely.
She has shoulder length brown hair that she always keeps curled. She was
18 now, but could easily pass for a healthy 15 year old.
     As John and I watched, Alex unbuttoned her top and spread it open.
When her hard, perky tits were revealed to our eyes, I felt John's cock
jump in my hand. I wished we had a front view of her masturbating. I
wanted to see her fingers opening and sliding into her little pussy. Our
view was more from her left as she watched the show before her. Once,
when she saw Joe pull his cock almost all of the way out of my pussy and
then slam it ALL back into me in one stroke, I heard Alex say softly,
"OH MY GOD." She was really turned on watching our tape. I knew we were
going to have to talk to her to make sure she kept quiet about this. She
was 18, but it still would not look good in the community.
     John and I quickly glanced at each other when we noticed the first
signs of Alex's approaching orgasm. John was actually licking his lips!
Alex began humping into her hand and squeezing her tits really hard. She
started to moan and sigh, trying to keep quiet, probably worried about
waking our son upstairs.
     As Alex's orgasm overtook her shivering body, my klutz husband
stumbled a bit and time seemed to stand still for the next few seconds.
Alex whipped her head around, a look of complete shock and horror on her
face. There we were, caught red-handed, two adult voyeurs, watching our
teenage sitter masturbate. John had his hand on my exposed breast and I
was rubbing his rock hard cock with my hand. We were ALL quite
embarrassed at the situation we found ourselves in. No one seemed to
know what to say and no one wanted to be the first to speak.
     Alex was first to speak, "OH MY GOD, I'M SO SORRY! I didn't know...
I didn't mean...I mean...like...I was just...like...OH MY GOD! I didn't
mean to watch your personal movies, it didn't have a label and I was
just trying to see what it was...I didn't expect...I mean...OH MY GOD!"
     It was as if Alex had forgotten that she was sitting up on the
futon almost naked. We were still staring at her. I walked over to
her, after replacing my tit in my dress, and assured her that it was okay.
I told her we were shocked when we came home and found her
masturbating but that it was perfectly normal and she should not be
embarrassed. (YEAH RIGHT <G>) I told her WE were sorry for
interrupting her and watching her touch herself without her permission.
I sat on the futon next to Alex and hugged her to my chest. She was
really embarrassed and I began covering her up to put her at ease.
     Being close to this girl, holding her hot, young, half-naked body,
was having an effect on me. I could feel the juices flowing in my own
pussy. I tried to suppress the feelings, but it was hard since Alex was
burying her face in my breasts in what I thought must be shame. The way
she was nuzzling my tits was getting me turned on. I told her she should
get dressed and we could talk.
     Instead of pulling away from me to dress herself, she pulled me
tighter, pulled my dress down, revealing both of my breasts, and took my
right nipple in her mouth, like a baby. She was massaging my left breast
with her hand. I looked up at John, who had a big, shit-eating grin on
his face. He was thinking of getting laid tonight by someone other than
his wife.
     I took Alex's chin in my hand and looked her in the eyes. I told
her that if she kept doing what she was doing to me, things could get
out of hand possibly, and most probably. Her answer was to reach up and
kiss me hard on the mouth, her tongue digging between my lips. I started
to return her caresses and kisses, feeling her hard, sexy breasts in my
hands.
     When I broke the kiss I asked her if she was sure about what she
wanted. Alex looked at John, then at me again, and asked if we would
teach her about sex. We seemed to enjoy sex so much with the people in
the movie. She said she had NEVER had such an intense orgasm as the
one she just had watching John and I make love with the other people on
the tape. She said she couldn't believe that a girl could take such
a large penis inside her. She said that John's and the other black man's
penis looked SO big compared to the boys in her senior class. She wanted
to know if all MEN had a penis that big. I told her that all men were
different and each man's cock had a special feeling.
     I told her John and I would be very happy, and honored, to show her
about sex. I told her John had not made love to a virgin in MANY years
and would really enjoy fucking her virgin pussy. Alex squirmed a little
at the suggestion and ran her hands over my nipples again.
     I asked Alex when she thought that she should be home, I needed to
know how much time we were going to have with this curious, sex-starved
teenager. She said her mother wouldn't get worried as long as she was
home before 2 or 3 AM. She said her mother knew she was babysitting
anyway.
     John said he was going to go to our bedroom and get
comfortable. I sat and talked with Alex for a couple more minutes. I
complimented her on her body, telling her that her skin was soft and
her muscle tone was tight. I looked good at 38, but was loosening a
little. Alex said she thought I was so sexy and beautiful
that she wished she had my body. She said one of her
girlfriends and her had practiced kissing since she was 13. They would
take turns "being the boy." I told her my sister and I enjoyed
making love to each other also and there was nothing wrong with two
women pleasing each other. She was glad to hear this. She liked boys a
lot, she said, but was worried about being a lesbian since she had so
much fun with her friend and felt so comfortable here in my arms. I told
her not to worry. She wasn't a lesbian. Being bisexual just left more
opportunities open for her. We rose and went upstairs to the bedroom.
     There was "shy" John, laying on the bed totally naked, his cock at
full mast, sticking into the air. Alex had an amazed look on her face.
She was seeing her first MAN cock close up in real life. Alex said John
looked very sexy laying there on the bed. She began undressing with me.
I left my crotchless panties, the garter belt, and stockings on. Alex
said I looked VERY sexy, that John was such a lucky man. John said he
agreed.
     Alex was being shy, covering her breasts with her right arm and her
pussy with her left hand. I told her that there was NO reason to be shy
now; John and I had already seen her at her in a VERY intimate act, and
had seen her beautiful naked body already. I led Alex to the bed and as
I lay to my husband's right, she laid down on his left. He took Alex
into his arms and kissed her deeply. She asked him if she kissed OK. He
kissed her again and ran his tongue deep into her mouth. She just
followed suit.
     As John rubbed his hands over her back and tight young ass, she did
the same to him. When he moved his hand to her breasts, she moved her
hands to his. I was feeling left out and rolled between Alex's legs. I
pushed her legs open. She was holding her thighs tightly together at
first, not sure what I was trying to do. She was so young and naive,
this was going to be a lot of fun. I pushed on her thighs again and she
let me crawl up until I was staring into her dripping snatch.
     I was looking at a virgin cunt -- never fucked, never sucked. Her
smell was so sweet! I could smell the musky odor of her previous orgasm
and bent to lap the moisture formed on her labia. Alex jumped when my
tongue ran over her hard little clit. I twirled my tongue around her
button, watching it twitch. John reached down and spread her pussy lips
with his fingers. Alex was humping into my face and sucking and licking
John's nipples. She told me how wonderful it felt to have a woman lick
her as I was doing. She said she had never dreamed that oral sex could
be so fantastic and intense. She said she would love to do the same for
me if I wouldn't mind. She was so anxious to do everything.
     I watched as Alex reached out and touched John's cock for the first
time. Her hand jumped as his cock jerked against it. She reached for it
again, grabbing it and immediately stroking it up and down. The boys
must have taught her how to get a guy off, at least. John told her how
good she felt and was making him feel. She pumped his cock and reached
for John's balls. He jumped at her first grip on his most sensitive
parts. I told her to be VERY gentle with his balls, explaining how they
could easily be hurt.
     I instructed John to position himself so his cock was closer to her
face. I wanted her to be real close to a man's big cock. When she opened
her eyes and saw his cock throbbing in front of her face, her eyes lit
up. As if by instinct, I saw her tongue reach out and lick the drops of
pre-cum from the tip of John's cock. Alex said she had never tasted a
boy's cock or his cum. Many had wanted her to suck on their cocks, since
she wouldn't let them go all the way. She had always refused, thinking
it was really gross. She said she changed her mind when she saw my
sister, Pat, sucking John and swallowing his cum in the movie.
     John leaned forward as she leaned into him, taking a cock into her
mouth for the first time. John said her mouth felt like velvet and he
was proud to be the first cock to enter her virgin mouth. I knew he was
looking forward to being the first cock in her virgin pussy, also!
     I continued sucking her cunt, sucking up her flowing
juice. Her pussy was tight, even for my tongue! I watched her take my
husband's long cock about three inches into her mouth. She was
slobbering over it, her saliva running onto his balls.
     I love watching my husband enjoy himself with another woman. We
have a very loving and trusting relationship. We are very secure with
ourselves; jealousy doesn't enter the picture. I know he loves me with
all of his heart. We never cheat on each other. Total honesty and trust
allows us to have sex with other people without jeopardizing our
relationship.
     John began shoving more of his cock into her throat. I told her to
open wide and let him slide into her throat. With practice, I told her,
she could take all of a man's cock into her mouth and throat without
gagging. I told her what to expect when John started to cum. I told her
to swallow fast and keep sucking until he had finished cumming. I let
Alex know how much I LOVED the taste of men's cum, explaining how each
man tastes different. John told her to pump his cock while she sucked
him. Her hand started to move up and down his hard-on immediately. She
was a quick and eager student. John told her how good it felt to feel a
woman run her tongue around the head and rim. Immediately her tongue was
swabbing John's cock head.
     I knew John was really turned on and must be close to cumming. I
told Alex to get ready to take my husband's load. Within seconds, John
groaned aloud and announced that he was cumming. He told Alex to suck
him hard and swallow her first man cum. Alex's throat was contracting as
John fired his cum into her mouth. She was trying to swallow everything
John put out, wanting very much to please him. Her mouth could only take
so much and she couldn't swallow any more. John must have really been
cumming a lot! My husband's white, hot, creamy cum was running out of
the sides of Alex's mouth and down his cock to his balls. I told Alex to
make sure she cleaned him up good and she started licking his cum from
the side of his cock and from his balls. Alex said cum tasted SO
different. She said it was sort of salty and she LOVED the texture. She
added that it felt good sliding down her throat, apologizing for not
being able to take ALL of his cum at once. John assured her that NO
apology was necessary!
     As I watched my husband slip his deflating cock from this
teenager's mouth, she began to jerk her hips, proclaiming her orgasm's
arrival. She was HOT! She bucked against my face. I held on and
increased the pressure and speed of my tongue. John was playing with
Alex's breasts, enjoying the feel of 18-year-old tits for the first time
in MANY years. Alex gushed out cum. It was like a man cumming almost --
she actually had hot cum cream cumming from her virgin cunt.
     After Alex settled down a bit and recovered from her cum, she asked
if she could watch John and I make love. She wanted to see close-up what
a man and a woman looked like having sex. Of course the exhibitionist in
John and I came out and we told her we would love fucking in front of
her. I asked her if she thought she would like to have John fuck her,
too. She said she was a bit scared at the prospect, but she thought she
might like to try later. I told her I wouldn't let John cum in me. I
would make sure that he saved his load for her. I wanted her to feel my
husband's boiling cum shoot into her, telling her I really enjoyed
sucking his cum from a pussy he had just fucked.
     I looked at John and saw that his previously deflating cock was
inflating again, probably thinking about fucking Alex more than me. I
knew that had to be expected though. Men love to feel new pussies,
feeling the new conquest squeeze their cocks. Alex was a real turn-on.
How could I blame John for wanting to fuck this kid? I couldn't and
wouldn't. I laid back and spread my legs. Alex was staring into my wide-
open cunt. I pulled a pillow up under my ass to raise up.
     Alex watched as John mounted me. I pulled my legs back until I had
my head between my ankles. John was on his knees and rubbed his cock
head through my wet, sloppy, horny pussy. Alex bent closer. She didn't
want to miss a thing. She was simply amazed, I think, that she was
kneeling here watching my husband's cock prepare to fuck into me. John
let go of his cock and asked Alex if she would like to put it in.
Without any hesitation, Alex took his cock in her little hand. She
pulled him closer to my widespread cunt and inserted the head. As she
did this my clit stood up, poking out of my cunt lips. She was surprised
by my red nub, visibly erect. Her fingers of her other hand began
caressing my clit, sometimes squeezing it. As John began to sink into
me, Alex kept her hand on his cock. She wanted to feel it entering me.
     John pushed forward and sank the remaining inches of his big cock
into me. All cocks are different in some way, but my husband's is, and
always will be, MY FAVORITE. It fits me so well, no one can fuck me like
my John.
     Alex was intently watching us fuck. She wanted to know how it felt
to have this big penis slamming into my body. She said I was getting SO
wet. The slurping noises, she said, turned her on. John was really
pummeling my cunt. I humped into his every thrust. I think men like
their women to fuck back. Who would enjoy a woman who just lays there?
We fucked like that for at least 15 minutes. Alex stayed as close as she
could the whole time, touching both of us anywhere she wanted. I told
her that men like to have a woman stick their finger in their asses,
carefully, but warned that men tend to cum pretty fast when a woman does
that. In other words, don't do it now if you want to try fucking for the
first time tonight.
     John said he had better stop for a little bit -- he could feel
the familiar stirring in his balls. I asked Alex if she wanted to try to
make love to my husband. Alex said she really wanted to. She begged
John to PLEASE be gentle with her.
     John pulled out of me, his cock covered in my juices. I told Alex
to lay back on the bed and bend her knees up. She lifted her knees
and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was soaked with juice. She
definitely had plenty of natural lubrication. Maybe this wouldn't hurt
her much, after all. I reached over and inserted a finger into her cunt.
I could feel the obstruction of her hymen, she REALLY WAS a virgin! I
told John to position himself between her thighs, telling him to go slow
and easy. I reached out and rubbed his cock through her pussy lips. She
looked so innocent laying there about to get her first fucking.
     I told my husband to go ahead and fuck his cock into her, slowly.
He pressed into her cunt, the head sinking in and then stopping
abruptly. Alex groaned, feeling a sharp pain, she said. I told John to
hold still and let Alex adjust to having a cock in her. I told her to
pull John in a little at a time when she felt comfortable.
     After a minute or so she started to pull John further into her. I
could tell that he was pushing against her unbroken hymen, waiting for
the moment that he would break through. Then Alex gritted her teeth and
shoved her pussy up at John, pulling him hard into her. She screamed a
little and then whimpered for a few seconds. She was breathing really
hard and fast. She was trying to get adjusted to being stuffed with this
man's large cock in her previously unused cunt.
     At first I think she was regretting pushing and pulling his cock
into her virginal passage. She was obviously in some pain and
discomfort. John was being a real darling. I knew he wanted to start
ramming into her young teenage pussy, and was doing a great job of
restraining himself.
     After holding real still for at least two or three minutes I saw
her begin to rotate her hips. Her eyes were still clamped shut, but her
body seemed to be relaxing. She was not as tense as when John's cock
first filled her body. After about another minute she began humping
against John, slowly at first, then with more vigor. John started to
move also, Alex meeting his every thrust instinctively. Her eyes were
open now; she wanted to see herself getting laid. She said she felt very
full and it was absolutely wonderful. She was glad she didn't know how
great sex was before -- she never would've been able to keep her promise
to her mother.
     I rubbed my husband's ass as he began a steady fucking rhythm into
this sexy teenager. He had taken the virginity of our babysitter and
she was verbally thanking him for letting her have sex with him.
     He laughed, saying, "Listen sweetheart, Alex is thanking ME for
letting HER fuck ME! My sweet little Alex, I thank you for allowing this
old man to enjoy your young beautiful body. Thank you for the honor of
taking your virginity, also; that is a really great gift."
     I rubbed John's cock around Alex's pussy lips, wetting my fingers
with her juice. I took one wet finger and inserted it a ways into John's
ass. He bucked into Alex, starting to fuck her with fast strokes. I'm
sure that a man half John's age couldn't have given her a better fuck
than she was experiencing here with my husband.
     Alex started to cum, spreading her legs wider, yelling for John to
"Fuck my tight pussy! Fucking is so great! I'm hooked -- I need sex! Let
me feel your cum squirt inside me!  Oh, Sue, thank you for sharing John
with me! How can I ever repay you?"
     As John rammed her young cunt, I heard him groan and knew my
husband was filling another woman's pussy with his delicious cum. His
ass cheeks clenched tight. He shoved into her as far as he could get,
trying to drive his scalding cum through her whole body. She was moaning
and talking about how she could feel John's cum spray her insides. John
said Alex was squeezing his cock like a vise with her cunt muscles. I
don't think she needed any more "lessons"; she was doing just great on
her own.
     When John pulled out of Alex, I told her that I wanted to suck
John's cum from her pussy. She never closed her legs. I just crawled in
and ate that freshly fucked cunt.
     Alex said her clit was really getting sensitive. I stopped
concentrating on her clit. Alex sat up and asked me if she could explore
my body in turn. Believe me, I never have to be asked twice when someone
wants to eat me!
     I laid back and spread my legs wide. Alex was staring into my open
cunt. I reached down and pulled the lips apart, showing Alex all of my
pussy. I showed her where to lick, where to suck and where to stick her
tongue. I told her to just do what will cum naturally, do what she would
like done to her body, and she couldn't go wrong.
     I was expecting it and I was still startled as she bent forward and
clamped her lips around my clit. She started sucking my clit like a
nipple. It was fantastic. This girl was a natural pussy-eater! She
alternated from sucking my clit and sinking her long tongue into my cunt
hole. Alex said I tasted good, she loved my fresh smell and really
enjoyed oral sex with a woman.
     After I came all over this little girl's face and she drank my
juices she, shocked John and I.
     Alex said, "I'll bet my Mom would love making love to another
woman. I know she has not had sex since my Dad died six years ago. We
talk all the time about anything. She told me she missed sex with my
dad, saying he was really good in bed. She is too shy and thinks she is
too old to try and get another man. She told me once, when we were
talking about gays and lesbians, that the thought of touching another
woman was sort of a turn on, although she never had and didn't think she
ever would. She said she didn't really have any friends close enough to
confide her curious attraction for a woman as a sex partner. We used to
giggle about it. She would always say that what she really needed to
make her forget about her fantasy was a man's big cock. I'm so lucky to
have a Mom I can talk so openly with. I'm glad I kept my promise to her.
I don't think I am going to be able to keep tonight a secret from her.
We tell each other everything. She even gave me instructions on
masturbating myself to take the edge off when I was tempted to allow a
boy to have sex with me. Don't worry, though; I know she won't be mad at
you guys. I think she will think I was very mature to want to do it
right and learn sex from two nice adults. She always told me that there
is usually a difference between making love and fucking. Fucking is
super, I'll bet making love is really fantastic."
     John and I expressed our concern with her telling her mother about
tonight. Was she absolutely sure Mom wouldn't get mad? She was sure.
     I told John to drive Alex home. I told her that it was OK with me
if she wanted to practice sucking a cock while riding in a car. Boys, I
told her, still love to have their cocks sucked. I was sure that this
had NOT changed with the new generation. I told Alex that John and I had
a rule that we only have sex with others if we are BOTH there. I wanted
to bend the rule tonight, though. I knew that John would really get into
a teenage blowjob fantasy, and could feel sneaky getting one without me
there. I wasn't worried about this teenager stealing my husband and told
John to enjoy himself. He kissed and thanked me, scooting out the door
with his "date."
     John was gone about 40 minutes. Naturally I wanted to hear every
detail of his "date" with a teenager. John said, "As soon as they pulled
out onto the highway, Alex unzipped my pants and hers. She took my hand
and shoved it inside her panties, telling me to make her little pussy
cum again. I started to rub her lips, feeling her wetness."
     The whole car, he said, was reeking of young pussy smell. He hoped
it could reek like that for a while. John said that Alex dipped her head
down to his hard cock and sunk almost all of it into her throat. She
started moving up and down on his cock, moaning and fucking his cock
with her mouth like she had with her cunt. When she pulled away and was
licking his cock up and down, and pumping it as she had been taught, she
talked dirty to him and told him how much she wanted to taste his cum in
her teenage mouth. The little vixen was teasing John, using ALL the
tricks we had taught her in that one night. She wanted to see how fast
she could get a guy to spray his cum into her throat.
     I remembered that when I was in school, my girlfriends and I would
go for speed record blow jobs. I made a guy cum once in just under a
minute. My trick was how I talked dirty to him, and made sure he could
watch my girlfriend sucking another guy off while I was sucking him. The
guys loved to be our practice cocks! We never ran out of eager
volunteers, for some reason.
     John said he knew she was not going to get a record time blow job
because he had already cum three times tonight. Of course, John never
mentioned that a guy can last a lot longer each time he gets it up again
at an orgy. He let that poor girl slave away over his cock, he said, for
almost 30 minutes, working her mouth until sore, then filling her mouth
and spraying a huge load on her tonsils.
     John said the last 15 minutes were parked right in front of her
house and Alex didn't even know they had stopped. He said it was just
like the old school days, when he used to drop chicks off at home. He
was usually able to get a blow job or fuck before they went inside. Alex
came, he said, about the same time, clamping her thighs around his hand.
John said that as Alex sat up and realized where they were, she
hurriedly wiped his cum from the side of her mouth and chin and licked
her fingers clean. He said she smiled slyly at him as he watched her do
that. Then, he said, she closed her pants, gave him a peck on the cheek,
thanked him again and hopped out, running into her house.

     John and I really enjoyed our night with Alex. John wants to tell
everyone about our next encounter with Alex. Alex came back for more the
very next weekend, but she had a "special" favor to ask of us. So stay
tuned for Part VI!
     Oh yeah, by the way, I had two great cums dictating this story to
John. I masturbated once while he watched and wrote and he stopped once
to fuck me into a frenzy. Hope you had a GOOD CUM, TOO!!!

6TH SWING

     Welcome to Part VI of our series. In our last episode, Sue and I 
had a really exciting time with our babysitter, Alexia. Car trouble had 
ruined other plans and we came home to find Alex masturbating to one of 
our "home movies." Never would I have believed that I would have a 
chance again in my life to fuck an 18-year-old! It was a very exciting 
night and my wife, Sue, and I were hoping to be able to get together 
with Alex again sometime. Neither of us were expecting our chance to 
come as soon as it did.
     Alex had stopped over in the early evening three times since last 
Friday. She and Sue were becoming close friends. I had been pretty busy 
and wasn't paying much attention to either of them all week. Alex 
usually stayed around for an hour or two before going home. After she 
left, Sue would tell me about their conversations.
     Sue said that after last Friday night, when we had fucked this 
little beauty, Alex had been masturbating several times each day. Alex 
had told Sue she had sex on her mind all the time since getting her 
first fuck. She told Sue that on Saturday afternoon a boy called her and 
asked her to go to the drive-in that night. She normally turned down 
dates to the drive-in. She said it was too much work fighting off the 
horny young guys all night. That Saturday though, she eagerly accepted 
this boy's invitation. 
     Alex told Sue that the boy, Robby, was shocked when she accepted 
his offer of a date. She said Robby was pretty shy and she doubted he 
had ever even had a date. She couldn't figure out what had given him the 
guts to call her and ask for a date, but she promised herself to make 
sure that he enjoyed his date with her. Of course she figured she would 
be enjoying herself, also. Alex said that before it even got totally 
dark at the drive-in, she had dropped to Robby's lap and was sucking him 
off. He was in total shock at his good fortune. Never did he actually 
think he would be here tonight with a real chance of getting his first 
piece of ass. Of course, he had fantasies about it, I'll bet. 
     I could see Robby sitting there with this young girl sucking on his 
18-year-old virgin cock. I was remembering the first time I blasted my 
cum into a girl's mouth. 
     Alex told Sue she sucked Robby off completely, swallowing ALL of 
his cum. He had been amazed a girl would WANT to swallow his cum. Alex 
said she fucked Robby four times that night! This kid not only lost his 
virginity, but was able to fuck four times and get sucked off the first 
night! She told Sue he had started telling her he "loved" her and she 
had, in no uncertain terms, informed him that this was some very 
enjoyable sex but he was not to assume a commitment on her part. He 
seemed a little hurt but I am sure figured he wasn't really in a 
position to argue. Now was not the time to argue -- he was getting laid 
and didn't want to stop now.
     I asked Sue if she thought Alex had told her mother about our 
having sex with her daughter. Sue said Alex told her that when I dropped 
her off Friday night, she went straight to her mother's room. She 
wakened her mother and told her EVERY exciting detail. She had been so 
excited and seemed so appreciative of us, Alex said, that her mother 
didn't get upset at all. They had laid in her mother's bed while Alex 
told her mother how much she enjoyed sex with a man. She had gone into a 
lot of detail about making love to another woman, also. 
     Alex said her mother had seemed quite excited and that after she 
went to her own room, she could hear her mother masturbating. She was 
glad to see that her mother could still enjoy a good orgasm. Her mother 
had been so lonely since losing Alex's father. Alex was trying to figure 
out a way to get her mother back into dating again, knowing it would be 
good for her; she needed a man in her life. 
     Sue told me she had invited Alex over for dinner Saturday night. 
Sue wanted another chance at that young little body, also. Alex stunned 
Sue when she asked if her mother could come along with her. She wanted 
so much to get her mother out of the house. Sue reluctantly agreed to 
have Alex bring her mother for dinner. Sue thought it would put quite a 
damper on the evening, but she knew there would always be another time.
     Since we had no plans now for an evening of sex, we spent the day 
preparing a fabulous dinner. We didn't want Alex's mother to think all 
we wanted from her daughter was her sexy body. We wanted her to know 
that Alex was a cherished friend to Sue and I. We dressed casually and 
conservatively. I made a couple of drinks for Sue and I and we waited 
for our guests to arrive.
     At about 6:30 I greeted Alex and her mother at our door. Alex 
introduced her mother, Moni, to Sue and I. Moni told Sue and me she was 
glad her daughter had found some close friends in the neighborhood. She 
added that Alex had told her many good things about us. I think she 
blushed when she said that, but I wasn't sure. 
     We went into the living room and while the others took a seat, I 
served drinks. Alex wanted a glass of white wine. She had never had an 
alcoholic drink before and said the wine tasted fantastic. Moni asked 
for a brandy and water. Sue said she had to take a look at dinner and 
disappeared into the kitchen. 
     As we talked about many different subjects, I was looking over 
Moni. She was a pretty good-looking woman and her age -- 46 -- wasn't 
obvious. She had black slacks, heels, and a lacy white, high-necked 
blouse. I could tell she had a good-looking body. Her breasts were large 
and heavy and seemed almost out of place on her small body. She was 
about the same size as her daughter, around five-foot-two and 110 pounds 
or so. I could tell they were mother and daughter; the resemblance was 
amazing. The difference in breast size was the only obvious difference, 
besides age. 
     Alex had dressed much the same as her mother. Every once in a while 
she would look me in the eye and wink slyly. I hoped she would not be 
too obvious about any sexy ideas she may have had, at least not while 
her mother was here. 
     The evening was going well. Dinner had been excellent. Moni helped 
Sue clear the table while Alex and I sat in the living room talking. 
     Sue later told me Moni had complemented her on how lucky she was to 
have such a nice home and handsome husband. She told Sue about missing 
having a man around the house. They finished the dishes and when they 
entered the living room, they were laughing about something, enjoying 
their new found friendship. 
     Alex and I were sitting on the couch next to each other looking 
through an old photo album. Alex made a comment about how I seemed to be 
getting better looking with the years and placed her hand on my left 
thigh in a seemingly innocent way. Sue and Moni were making themselves 
another drink. Alex, while looking at page after page of photos began 
rubbing my thigh, making little circles on my inner thigh with her 
fingers. I was getting a little uncomfortable with Alex's behavior, 
thinking Moni might think it inappropriate with her there. I knew Moni 
knew about our sexual relationship with her daughter, but thought she 
wouldn't want to be exposed to it so openly.
     Alex told her mother to take a seat next to me so she could see 
some of the pictures we were looking at. I knew Moni noticed her 
daughter rubbing my thigh -- she couldn't miss it! Then Alex said, "Mom, 
if you think these vacation photos are good, you should see John and 
Sue's VCR tape library." The room got real quiet. Young, "innocent," 
little Alex had opened a subject we weren't sure we wanted to talk about 
with her mother there.
     Moni broke the ice. She said her daughter had told her about our 
relationship with her daughter. She hoped we didn't mind that Alex told 
her, saying they talked about everything. She said she was happily 
surprised Alex had been able to wait until she was 18 to have sex. She 
said her daughter's new-found interest in sex reminded her of her 
younger days. She blushed a deep red as she told us she had been quite 
promiscuous at an early age. Sex had always been a high point in her 
relationship with Alex's father. Moni said that before he had passed, 
they were having sex many times a week. 
     Alex giggled, adding that she laid in her bed many nights listening 
to them make love in the next room. Moni seemed a bit embarrassed, 
saying she didn't think they were being that loud. She added that she 
used to get a little vocal now and then; it used to turn her husband on.
     Well, the ice was broken, the subject seemed to be heading in a new 
direction -- about sex. Sue and I had not expected to be sitting here 
having an open discussion on sex with our babysitter and her mother.
     Sue asked openly how Moni managed to get by now without a man 
around. Alex jumped in, saying there were other ways her mom had found 
to please herself since her dad had died. She said, to her mother's 
astonishment, that she had found her mother's vibrator in her dresser 
drawer. She knew her mother must be masturbating with it, as the 
batteries were really low on power. Moni, still blushing, said these 
nice people did not want to here about her using a vibrator and 
apologized for her daughter's openness. 
     I told Moni I thought it was quite exciting to hear about this and 
thought the openness she and her daughter exhibited with each other was 
commendable.
     Sue asked if Moni and her husband had ever been involved in group 
sex. Moni looked at her daughter for a moment and then said she and her 
husband had been into swinging for about five years when he had died. 
     Alex's face lit up and she said, "Mom, you mean you and daddy used 
to have sex with other people while you were married? That's so cool! I 
never knew! Of course, I guess I was too young to notice then." 
     Moni told us they had belonged to a long-time swingers club near 
their home. There were six other couples in the club and they met 
usually met once or twice a month as a group. Sometimes they would meet 
one or more of the club members separately, but always just members. Due 
to the occupations of some of the members, discretion and secrecy was a 
necessity. She said those were the most wonderful years of their 
marriage. Moni added that many of the group's members had stayed in 
contact since her husband's death. Most had been trying to get Moni to 
continue her membership in their club, even without bringing a man 
along.
     I knew why -- they didn't like not being able to fuck this sexy 
woman any more.
     Sue asked Moni why she had never gone to one of the club's parties 
since losing her husband. Moni said she just didn't feel comfortable 
without her husband there; they had ALWAYS done everything together, 
never separately. After a few years, she said, she didn't have a lot of 
self-confidence and didn't feel as sexy as she used to be made to feel 
by her husband. I told her I thought she was a very attractive woman and 
could understand why these other members wanted her back into the club. 
     Sue asked Moni how she felt about her daughter having sex with Sue 
and I. Sue said Alex was energetic, ready to learn, adding that Moni 
shouldn't waste her life neglecting her sexual desires. Sue sat next to 
Moni on the couch and gave her a big hug. Sue asked her if she might be 
interested in joining us sometime, assuring Moni I would be more than 
happy to have sex with her. My wife was working her magic again. It 
looked like we might all end up in bed tonight if this continued.
     Moni and Alex were looking at each other, neither knowing really 
what to say. Then Moni turned to me and said, "I hope you don't mind if 
this 'old lady' makes an advance. It's been so very long." She glanced 
at my wife, who smiled, and then took my face in her hands and kissed me 
on the mouth. Her lips were on fire, her tongue darting into my mouth. I 
took her in my arms and returned her caresses. 
     Moni asked her daughter if she minded sharing her new friends with 
her old mother. Alex said, "Gosh, no, mom! Wait until you see John's big 
cock! It's so nice and gets so hard! Maybe we should go up to the 
bedroom and get more comfortable." 
     Moni and I broke our kiss and I leaned toward Alex to kiss her and 
feel her hard breasts. Her nipples stood erect and hard in my hands. I 
turned to see Sue take Moni into her arms and kiss her. Moni said she 
had never been touched by, or touched, another woman, even in their sex 
club. None of the other women were comfortable with it, to Moni's 
dismay. Moni said she had gotten wet when her daughter told her about 
having sex with Sue the last week. She'd had a fantasy about what might 
happen tonight when Alex told her about the invitation to dinner. 
     We all got up and went upstairs to the bedroom. I got undressed in 
the master bathroom. The women began undressing in the bedroom. When I 
stepped into the bedroom, my cock standing out hard and straight, there 
were three totally naked, beautiful women laying on the bed and smiling 
at me. Moni was licking her lips as she admired my cock. Sue reached 
over and lifted one of Moni's large tits. Her tits were sagging with age 
but they still were nice tits. Sue bent and sucked in one of Moni's 
nipples as she placed her hand on Moni's furry cunt mound. 
     When Alex saw me set up the camcorder and tripod she said she was 
getting really excited about being in her first XX Rated movie. Alex 
turned toward her mom and ask if she could feel her breasts. Moni told 
her she would like that. She said she hadn't had Alex touch and suck her 
breasts for many years. With that, Alex bent over and sucked in Moni's 
free tit. She rolled the fleshy mound in her hands, causing her mother 
to moan aloud in appreciation. Moni was just laying there, having my 
wife and her daughter making love to her naked, sex-starved body. She 
was holding Sue's and Alex's heads against her breasts as they suckled 
her tits. 
     When Moni saw the camera going, she smiled and parted her legs to 
not only allow me to film her hair covered cunt close up, but to allow 
Sue's hand greater access to her pussy lips. She said she loved to 
"perform" for a camera and had on many occasions with the club she had 
belonged to. Alex said she would LOVE to see those tapes. She 
specifically wanted to see her father making love to her mom. Moni said 
she might be able to get her hands on copies of the tapes. She said 
Alex, Sue, and I would probably be shocked if we saw who some of the 
people in the club were. Most were quite prominent figures in the area.
     Alex told her mother she would like to eat her pussy, if she 
wouldn't mind. She didn't wait for an answer and crawled between her 
mother's thighs. Here she was, staring into the same hole she was born 
from. She bent and ran her tongue through her mother's dampening pussy 
lips. I could now see one other difference between Moni and her 
daughter. Moni's pussy had the absolute thickest forest of pubic hair I 
had ever seen on a woman before. Her huge bush extended from just below 
her naval to the tops of her thighs. Alex had to spread the curls to the 
sides, trying hard to get to the entrance of her mother's hairy cunt. I 
saw Alex spread Moni's lips until she found her mother's hardened clit. 
She dove down, ducking the nub into her mouth. This caused Moni to jerk 
and begin jabbing her pussy against her daughter's face. She was 
thoroughly enjoying her first lesbian sex act! 
     Moni was talking aloud to us about how great she was feeling: "Oh, 
my sweet little baby! Suck mommy's cunt, my darling! It feels soooo 
good! Why have we waited so long? We could have been helping each other 
with our sexual urges for years. Make mommy cum, sweetheart! Your tongue 
feels so good in mommy's pussy! Suck my clit into your mouth, darling! 
Oh...I'm cumming! I'm cummming! How I've missed such intense cums!"
     I couldn't believe my good fortune again. I was standing here 
filming a cute 18-year-old girl sucking and licking her own mother's 
pussy. Her mother was having a very intense orgasm and was bucking 
against her daughter's face, holding her head tight into her pussy. Sue 
squatted over Moni's head. I saw my beautiful,naked wife lower her pussy 
to this lovely lady's mouth. I couldn't see from my angle, but knew from 
Sue's broken speech that Moni was digging her tongue into her first 
pussy. 
     Sue said, "Moni, here's my cunt for you. Suck my juices, feel what 
it's like to eat a woman! Lick my cunt like your daughter is licking 
your pussy. I want to fill your mouth with my cum. OH THAT'S IT...RIGHT 
THERE...OH YES YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO! DON'T STOP -- I'M SO CLOSE!" Moni 
was holding onto Sue's ass, holding her in place so she could eat my 
wife's pussy. Sue was humping her cunt down onto Moni's face while 
pinching her own nipples as hard as she could. 
     Alex moved to one side and asked me if I would like to fuck her 
mother with my red-hot hard cock. I let the camera continue filming on 
its own and lay on the bed near Moni. I moved my cock closer to her 
waist and I saw Alex lift her mother's leg up and over my left thigh. 
Moni's pussy was totally exposed to me, her lips pulsing in anticipation 
of getting fucked after so long without a cock in her. Alex reached in 
and took my cock in her little hand. She rubbed the head of my cock over 
her mother's pussy and then inserted the head into Moni's widespread 
cunt. Moni didn't want to wait any longer and slammed her hips into me, 
burying my hard cock to the balls inside of her. There was Moni's 
daughter, her face inches from my cock sliding in and out of her 
mother's pussy, watching the lips roll in and out with each stroke. She 
told her mother she looked wonderful having sex. She wanted to know how 
my cock felt buried inside of her pussy. 
     Moni mumbled into Sue's pussy that she was on fire, she loved the 
feel of my cock hammering into her pussy. She screamed for me to DRILL 
my cock into her. She kept humping back into me, meeting my thrusts. Her 
pussy wasn't really very tight, even after so many years without sex, 
she wasn't even close to the tightness of her daughter or my wife. Some 
women are just built different; I was still really enjoying this fuck! I 
knew I would be blasting my cum into this woman very soon. Alex was busy 
rubbing her mother's pussy lips and clit with her hand as I fucked into 
Moni. She was really engrossed in watching her mother get fucked from 
such a great viewpoint. 
     When Alex saw my cock begin to throb and saw me begin to shoot my 
load into her mother, she wrapped her fingers around my cock to make it 
as tight as she could for me. My cum was flowing out of Moni's loose big 
pussy lips. Alex pulled my cock out of her mother and sank it into her 
mouth. She said she loved the taste of me with the added flavor of her 
mother's pussy juices also on my cock. I moved a little and Alex dove 
her tongue into her mother's dripping cunt. She lapped like a dog, 
sucking the cum from her mom's sloppy pussy. Moni had another orgasm at 
the same time Sue's pussy began gushing her cum all over Moni's face. 
Moni's tongue was making a lot of noise as she lapped at Sue's wet 
pussy.
     We decided to take a little break to clean up and get something to 
drink. We have a giant projection TV in our bedroom and I placed a tape 
of one of our sex parties into the vcr. This got Alex's attention, she 
told her mother she just HAD TO see some of this stuff. 
     There was Sue and her sister Pat both taking turns sucking our 
friend Joe's big black cock. There were four hands around it, pumping it 
as they took turns licking the head and sucking the end into their 
mouths. Moni said she had NEVER seen a naked black person and wanted to 
know if ALL of them were so well-endowed. Sue said they weren't, really, 
but Joe did have an exceptional cock. Moni said her husband had been 
old-fashioned and NEVER would have allowed her to touch or be touched by 
a black man or woman. Seeing the enjoyment Sue and Pat were having with 
Joe, though, made her want to try this for the first time in her life. 
     Alex giggled, saying she definitely wanted to be there for that. 
She was willing to try this, also. She added that she really didn't see 
how a woman could take a cock that big inside her body. Moni said the 
biggest cock she had even ever seen was only about eight or nine inches 
long.
     Sue bragged about being able to take all of Joe's monster cock into 
her pussy. She told Moni and Alex that you just have to go slow and 
adjust to his size a little at a time. She promised to arrange something 
when she could.
     Moni asked if I would fuck her once more before they left. She said 
her favorite position was doggy style. She asked if I would like to 
stick my cock in her ass, also. She said her husband and the other guys 
in their club always used to love to fuck her tight ass. The other women 
wouldn't allow this, so she got all of the attention when the guys were 
looking to fuck a woman in the ass. She told me she loved to feel a man 
alternate from her pussy to her ass, and back into her pussy again. She 
wanted it hard. She said that once my cock was wet with her pussy 
juices, I could slam it into her asshole without worrying about hurting 
her. Alex said she just HAD TO see this. She wanted me to do her ass 
sometime, too...maybe. If her mother liked it, it must be good, she 
said.
     I didn't need any help getting another hard-on. Just hearing this 
sexy lady ask to have me fuck her ass in front of her daughter was 
enough for me to get turned on. 
     Moni turned over and stuck her ass in the air, waving it around in 
circles. She bent her head down onto the bed. In this position her cunt 
was wide open, I could see inside of her cunt. Her swollen, hanging 
pussy lips were inviting me to fuck her. Her tiny brown ass hole was 
puckering open and closed. She obviously had taken many a man's cock 
into her ass before. I thought I really would be able to slam into her 
ass in one stroke, as she asked. I mounted Alex's mother, kneeling 
behind her upturned ass. Sue licked up and down Moni's open crack, 
making sure the wetness was spread out over her pussy and ass. Moni 
groaned as Sue stuck her tongue deep into her asshole, reaming her ass 
with her long tongue.
     I placed my cock into the opening of Moni's pussy and slid right 
in. I could tell she was trying to flex her cunt muscles to make it 
tight for me. I could feel her contractions, but it never got very 
tight. She had a big, sloppy, wet pussy. Her juices were dripping out 
around my cock onto the bed. I figured Joe could probably slam his cock 
into this pussy without any problem. He would enjoy that; he usually had 
to go slow and easy with most women he fucks because of his great size. 
At least with Moni, he could see what it was like to really hammer his 
cock into a woman. She could take it all easily. 
     As I pumped this woman's pussy, she told me to pull out and ram 
into her ass. My cock was juiced up from Moni's drippings and I pulled 
out in one stroke and slammed into her ass in one more stroke. I felt my 
balls slap her ass as I was totally engulfed by her well-fucked asshole. 
This was tight! It felt so good to be squeezed by her ass muscles!
     She bucked back against me. She rose up onto her hands, slamming 
her ass back against me. Her big tits were bouncing all over, swaying 
beneath her chest. I reached for her right tit and pulled it around to 
her side. It was so big and sagging that I could bend it around until 
the nipple was pointing back at me behind her back. I reached down and 
sucked her nipple. Never had I been able to suck a woman's tits at the 
same time I fucked her in this position!
     Alex said, "Oh, Mommy, I can see John's hard cock sliding into your 
ass. Does it feel good to have a man fuck you like that? I would think 
it would hurt terribly. I want to try this. John, will you fuck my ass, 
too, please?" 
     Moni answered, "Yes, darling, I love to feel my ass stuffed with a 
man's big cock. My asshole is much tighter than my pussy. Having you and 
your brother, Cory, really left my pussy stretched. The first time a man 
at one of our parties stuck his whole hand into my pussy, I knew I 
wasn't tight enough to properly please the average man fucking my pussy 
with his cock. I asked your Daddy to fuck my ass one night when we had 
been drinking a lot. The alcohol numbed my senses enough to allow him to 
get all of his cock into my ass without too much discomfort. From the 
first time I felt your daddy shooting his hot cum into my ass, I was 
hooked on ass fucking. I became much more popular at our parties, too. 
Your Dad was always so proud to see me taking another man into my ass. 
The other wives said it either hurt them too much or didn't turn them on 
at all. I'll bet you will enjoy ass fucking as much as I do. It just 
takes time to adjust to the size and most importantly a gentle man."
     I was fucking in and out of her pussy and asshole. I had never been 
able to do this with such ease; it was a real turn on! When I finally 
came, I slammed my cock into Moni's ass just in time. My load filled her 
bowels, bringing her to a gut-wrenching orgasm at the same time. I got 
up and went to take a good shower. 
     When I returned, the three girls were in a circle eating each 
other's pussies. I walked around the bed, watching them please each 
other. I touched anywhere I wanted to on each woman. Their bodies were 
all so different, their skin different textures. 
     I pulled Alex off of her mother's pussy, flipped her onto her back, 
and pulled her legs up onto my shoulders as I stood next to the bed. I 
lined her young teenage pussy up with my now-hard cock and rammed myself 
into her. The air seemed to all leave her body as I slammed forward, 
burying myself in this young woman. Her mother rolled closer and held 
her daughter's hand as I pummeled her pussy. 
     Moni told Alex their lives together would change from here on. She 
thought things were going to be better than either of them had ever 
known. Moni said she hoped her daughter and herself could share many men 
in the future. She hoped Alex would maybe bring some of her young 
boyfriends by the house to fuck her horny mother now and then. Alex said 
many of her boyfriends had ogled her mother in the past, even though 
they would never admit to it when Alex confronted them with it. Alex 
knew they were amazed at Moni's breast size and would jump at the chance 
to fuck the older woman.
     Moni bent down and sucked her daughter's right tit into her mouth. 
She ran her tongue around the hard nipple of her daughter's hard tit. I 
was fucking this girl in front of her mother, my ass humping like a 
rabbit. Sue told me to fill Alex's cunt with my cum. After I came and 
pulled out, Sue asked Moni to join her in cleaning up Alex's well-fucked 
little pussy. They took turns sucking my cum from the teenager's pussy.
     Moni and Alex left about 1:30 a.m. We promised to get back with 
them soon. Sue had asked Alex about the possibility of bringing over one 
or more of her young hard-body boyfriends sometime. Sue wanted to get 
laid by some young men without a lot of experience. She enjoyed teaching 
them! 
     Sue and I went back to bed, exhausted again. When Sue began talking 
about the great evening we had just had, I actually got hard again. I 
fucked my wonderful wife, feeling her fantastic pussy milk my cum into 
her body. 
     No matter how many other people Sue and I shared our sex life with, 
we were always the most turned on by each other.

     Stay tuned for Part VII 
7th Swing
