                            Bagboy

                      by: Shades Lxix    

It is a hot and very humid saturday afternoon and much as I hate
to do so I have to go to the local Winn Dixie and purchase a few
necessities. God how I hate having to go to the store and get
into it with all the females there shopping but I have been
putting it off for a few days.

Arriving at the shopping center I have one hell of a time
finding a place to park. Finally I find a spot that seems to be
a mile from the store. Getting out of my car and walking that
200 yards to the store I realize just how hot it really is
outside. A guy could work up a sweat just walking!

Going in through the doors I spot him there just behind the
checkout counter bagging groceries. Slightly bent over his 501's
snugly fitting that cute butt of his. I have to take another
peek as I walk past. God what a cute ass on this kid! As I
proceed to gather up my needs I just can't get this guy out of
my mind. I'm just going to have to check out in this kid's line
and check him out too.   Cruising slowly toward the checkouts
I notice that he isn't there. Damn!just where can he be? I
search the front of the store desperately but I don't spot him
any where at all. Feeling a little let down I pick out the
shortest line. Talking about a let down the other bag boys just
don't measure up to this kid.   

Back out into the heat of the afternoon, pushing my parcels
along. Man I can't believe my luck! There he is at the upper end
of the lot gathering buggies. He's standing next to my car
admiring it! He notices me walking closer and he gives me a
quick glance. I pop the hatch. "you mean this is your 'vette?"
"yep," I reply, checking out this kid from head to toe. "bad
ass car dude!" "yep it's nice for cruisin' around in," I say
as I load my bags. I toss him the keys, unlock it and take a
look inside." "awesome," he replies, looking, checking out the
light blue interior, "man I'd love to have a ride like this."
"well I'll have to take you out for a ride in it sometime," I
say, giving him a warm smile. "alright! I'd love too," he
answers back, returning my smile.   And off he goes, pushing his
buggies back to the store. I just have to take another look at
that butt as he pushes his buggies away. Suddenly he stops and
runs back up to where I am standing. "listen I'm getting off
work in 25 minutes and I could use a ride home if it's not too
much trouble."   

seeing an opportunity to get to know this kid better I jump at
the idea.  "sure no problem at all."   and off he goes back to
the store. Well I'm not about to stand out in the heat for 25
minutes so I walk back into the store to wait. Well you know how
I spend my time. Watching this kid sack groceries.   With the
time clock punched and out the door we go. Up the parking lot
we walk, him unloosening his tie. Do all bag boys have a set
uniform? White shirt,dark tie, 501's and reeboks? "my name's
Todd," I say, sticking out my hand. "mine's Mike, I sure do
appreciate the lift." "no problem guy, after all I did promise
you a ride."   into the 'vette and slowly through the parking
lot. I glance over, noticing his innocent blue eyes checking out
the interior once again and I notice them stopping, briefly but
stopping to check out my black nike running shorts and the bulge
in them. Shit, I think, this kid is cruising me! Naw it couldn't
be. "you don't mind if we go by my apartment so I can put away
these frozen foods before I take you home do you?" "nope not at
all", he replies. "this heat is a son of a bitch isn't it? Hey
do you mind if I take off this shirt? It's about to kill me."
take off the shirt? Hell you can take off those pants too. "no
right ahead, it won't bother me at all."   bother me, hell it's
really going to bother me. It'll get me all hot and bothered.
Off the shirt comes, revealing a very nice set of pecs. Look at
those abs! Tanned skin. Chocolate brown nipples. My mouth is
watering just looking at all that! And not a hair to be seen.
Aww a smooth chest. I love smooth chest! I had better get my
eyes back on the road before I have an accident. 

"that feels better," he says smiling at me.   What an innocent
smile. So boyish. I figure him to be 16 or 17 years old. I
search for signs of facial hair but there's none at all to be
found. Just a light brown fuzz on this kid's upper lip. Late
bloomer maybe? Nope not from judging the bulge in his crotch.
He looks like a decent sized guy. "yep, I would turn on the ac
but it's broken and besides I'd rather have the wind blowing
through. Well here we are," I say, turning into the drive of my
apartment complex."this won't take but a few," I say, popping
the hatch. "here let me help you," he offers, pulling up a bag
of groceries.   

God look at his shoulders and biceps swell! He must have gotten
the canned goods bag. We climb the stairs up to my second floor
apartment. I keep glancing back down, looking at all those young
muscles. What a sight. "Mike, back this way to the kitchen."  
one more trip and we have everything up. "here, this bud's for
you," I say, opening up the 'fridge and tossing him a beer. And
one for myself too. "make yourself at home while I take a piss,"
I say as I head for the bathroom.   He doesn't hear me as I come
back out. He has found his way to the living room and has
discovered my fag mags under the coffee table. He's thumbing
through one. He looks up, finally noticing my presence in the
room. A little embarrassed he throws the mag back down on the
table.   

Stuttering a little he says, "y-you gay?"   well I've never been
one to deny the fact. "yep. It bother you any?" "nope. I just
haven't ever known a gay guy before." "well Mike you'll find out
that most of us are just like anyone else. The only difference
is we like guys." "but how do you know," he pauses for a second,
"know if you are gay? I'm not so sure about myself. I have a
girlfriend but things just don't seem right between us. I like
to hang out with the guys, but I don't really know."   shit this
kid's looking for answers about himself and he's looking to me
for help?   He continues, "I know I'm not supposed to feel this
way about other guys but I know a few guys at School that I
really think are nice looking." he pauses again. "some times
when I'm alone I day-dream about them and I even jack off
thinking about these guys."  "Mike have you ever had sex with
another guy?" this could be the chance. "I don't know any guys
that I could or would even dare to do it with."   I move closer
to this kid. Sitting beside him on the couch I place my hand on
his knee. "if you want to give it a try I'll be more than happy
to help you out." god I can't believe I'm doing this. "I don't
know," he says with a little doubt in his voice. "we'll only go
as far as you want to." "we'll quite if I say so?" "sure,
anytime." "well, ok. Sure I guess so," he says a little less
hesitant this time.   

Well that's all I need to hear. I moved my hand from his knee
up to his well developed chest. Man what pecs! "where do you
work out?", I ask, squeezing his tits. "at School. We have a gym
there. I'm on the wrestling team." "hmmm, sounds like fun.
Rolling around with all those sweaty bodies." "yeah I do kind
of like it," he replies.  As I keep rubbing on this kid's chest
I look into his eyes to see just what his reaction is to this.
He seems to be enjoying the attention. I slowly move my hand
down his abs. They are well defined and hard as a rock. I move
on down slowly to his basket. I give it a gentle squeeze. Slowly
rubbing, his cock grows a little harder. I look back into his
eyes and he seems a little embarrassed. "you want me to stop?"
I ask. "no, I just haven't ever had a guy feel me off before,"
he says not really looking me in the eyes.   With out saying
another word I move up to the top button of his jeans and
unbutton it. And then I move down for the zipper. Awww button
flies! Easy entry! Hey this kid's got  on bright red bikinis.
Just a little bit of his light brown bush is in plain view over
the tops of his briefs. I reach down inside and find what I'm
looking for. I pull it out. Man this guy may be justa kid but
he sure looks like a man! I'm surprised to find this much meat.
It must be 5 1/2 inches and it's not even hard yet. And better
yet he's uncut. I peel the skin back to reveal a nice shaped
head. It doesn't take but a few tugs and this kid is rock hard.
Man is he ever ready. I slowly slide up and down that 8 inch
shaft with my fist. Well enough of this I have got to taste that
piece of teen meat. I pull the skin back with my hand and put
my lips over that swollen head. And down that rock hard shaft
I go. "oh god," he whispers.   

I let the full length of his cock slide down my throat and back
up I go.licking the head again. My hot moist mouth sliding up
and down. He's moaning like hell. He's really enjoying all this.
I pull his pants on down past his knees. I start caressing his
balls. His nuts are big. I mean really big. You could easily
mistake them for grade a eggs. And there's no hair, none at all
on this kids sack. I guess I hadn't been working on this piece
of meat for more than a few minutes when he let's out a cry. "oh
shit I'm cumming!"   he starts spewing out a monster load. I
move up to the head and wrap my lips around it and really lick
the hell out of that big head. The kid's jerking all over from
the shear joy of it. It seems like it takes for ever for this
guy to unload. It is all I could do to take all of his juice in
my hot sucking mouth. I decide that I'm not going to stop right
now. I'll give him a few more licks before I stop. I slide back
down that shaft and then back up. A few more times back down and
then up. Shit he's going soft on me. "how did you like that,"
I ask finally pulling off of his now soft cock. "shit that was
great," he says, smiling sheepishly at me. "I could really get
into all this." "well I'm glad that you liked it,"I reply. 

"we've only started. You want togo on?" "what do you have in
mind?" "well you could give it a try," I answer back
hopefully."I don't know if I can or not," he says, looking me
in the eyes. "if you don't like it you know you don't have to
keep sucking me." "ok I'll give it a try."  Mike slides down
between my legs. Kneeling he slowly reaches up and grabs the
waist band of my nikes and pulls downward. I raise myself up to
let them slide down from my waist. My rock hard cock slaps
heavily against my stomach with a loud thump. Finally free from
the confines of the tight fabric of my shorts. "my god Todd you
sure are big," Mike says, marveling at my 9 inches.  He reaches
up and wraps his hand around my shaft. He slowly strokes up and
down on it, squeezing it gently."come on Mike wrap your hot lips
around that head. You know you want it."  I reach around the
back of his head and pull his face closer to my throbbing piece
of meat. I grab my cock and push it down toward his lips. I push
his face closer to my swollen head. His lips press against it.
I can feel his breath on my cock. "come on Mike let it slide on
in."  Mike opens his lips and lets the head of my dick slide in.
He wraps his lips around the base of my head and starts licking
it with his tongue. He goes around and around it and then he
starts tongueing my pee hole. He slowly starts sliding on down
the hard long shaft. He gets about half of it in his hot moist
mouth. Then he slides back up to the head. Back down he goes,
this time a little farther. Back up to the top again and then
back down. Once again a little farther down my hard shaft. He
gags a little this time."Mike don't try to take it all the first
time," I tell him.  But do you think this hot young teen will
listen to me? Nope he slides backup and then back down again.
My dick slipping down into his throat. He finally manages to
take every inch of my meat in. He keeps working on my hot
throbbing cock. Man it feels great. This kid learns quick. I
reach back down and pull him off of me."Mike lick my balls," I
whisper to him.  Obediently he moves down to my bulging sack and
starts licking. He sucks my balls into his hot mouth. Slowly
sucking on them. He moves back up to my cock.up and down my
shaft he moves. He reaches up and gently squeezes my hot
nuts.rubbing and kneading them as he sucks the hell out of my
cock. I've held it back as long as I can."oh shit! I'm going to
cum!"  Mike instinctively moves up to the head of my hot
blasting cock and starts licking. I start shooting my hot load
into his waiting mouth. Down his throat I blast. Wave after wave
of cum I shot. Mike can't handle all of my load. Some of my hot
juices oozes out of this kids  mouth. He pulls off my now spent
cock.cum trickling down his chin."did I do ok" he ask, looking
up at me with those innocent blue eyes.

"yeah Mike you did great," I say, pulling him up to me.  I pull
him closer to my face. I lick my own cum from his chin. He moves
his body in closer to me. Pressing against me. He puts his mouth
on mine and we kiss. He slides his tongue into my mouth.
Exploring. Exploring every crevice of my mouth. I return the
favor. He pushes me back into a lying position on the couch.
He's on top of me. Kissing wildly. God this kid is hot. He
reaches for my tits. Rubbing my chest, kissing me wildly. I move
my hands to his back. What a strong back. Down I explore to his
hairless firm butt. Down his legs. Then back up the insides of
his legs to his ass again. I spread his cheeks. I start
fingering around his hot little hole. I reach under the couch
and grabble for the k-y, I always keep it there for my many j-
o sessions in front of the tube. My finger greased I move back
to his ass. I slide a finger in."what are you doing," he gasps
in pain."try and relax Mike. This'll feel good," I reassure him. 
I slide out from under his hot sweaty body. I move down so I
could get a better view of his hot virgin ass. Kneeling on the
couch in between his legs I once again spread his cheeks and
insert a finger. He draws up again."just try and relax Mike." 
after a few seconds I move my finger out a little and then back
in, a little farther this time. There was less resistance this
time. A few minutes later I have two more fingers in his hot
ass.

"Todd it hurts so bad but it feels so good," he moans at me.
"Mike I have something that'll feel even better in that hole of
yours.""come on Todd give it to me," he breathes at me.  This
kid really wants my cock up his ass. I lube up my 9 inches and
press my head against his tight hole. I press forward with my
hips and his ass opens up and my head slides in. He tightens up
again in pain. I pause for a few seconds for his virgin ass to
get accustomed to this new feel. I reach down and grab him by
his waist and then I slowly move on into that waiting crevice.
I slide in about half way and then back out leaving just the
head in. Back in & slide, ever so slowly. A little farther this
time. Back out I come. Back in a little farther this time. Back
out and then back in. I'm all the way up this kids ass.my balls
press against his thighs, my pubes tickling his cheeks. I leave
myself in him like this for a few seconds and then I quickly
pull out almost all the way. He gasps. I thrust back in all the
way, faster this time. Back out and then back in."come on Todd
fuck me harder. Faster!"  this kids wanting it rough so I'll
give it to him rough. I pull out and ram my cock back in harder
and harder. The sounds of skin against skin fill the room along
with our moanings of joy. "oh man that hurts so good," Mike
cries.  I pull out of this kid and roll him over quickly onto
his back. I reach down and grab him behind his knees and up his
legs go. Knees pressed against his hot sweaty muscular chest.
Back in I guide my hot throbbing dick. In and out I go. My balls
hitting wildly against his buns. He reaches down and grabs his
own hard cock. Wrapping his hands around it he begins jerking
himself off. His balls moving back and forth, both from his
beating himself and from my wild vicious strokes. In and  out,
out and in. Faster and faster. My thrust getting shorter and
faster."oh hell Mike I'm going to cum," I cry."Todd cum on my
chest," Mike hisses at me.  I pull out and grab my hot greasy
cock. A few jerks and I'm shooting my load all over his tanned,
well chiseled abs. My White load hitting his stomach and spewing
up to his chest. Wave after wave of cum. Some hitting his
stomach, some on this kids chest and some on his face.

"oh god I'm cumming too," he screams.  He reaches up with his
left hand and pulls my greasy cummy cock down, pressing it
against his hot rod. Grabbing both our cocks with his hands he
strokes. Using my cum as lube for the both of us. He starts
shooting his load. His cum mixing with mine on his hot body.
Stroking both of us at once. I reach down and wrap my hands
around his fist and push down hard. We both shoot the last bit
of cum that's in our bodies. I collapse onto this kid. Laying
there on his chest, resting in our cum. Breathing heavy,
completely spent. After a while I roll over off of him. He looks
at me with satisfaction in his eyes."Todd that was great," he
says, with a big grin on his cum stained face.  Looking at him
with cum all over that tanned sweaty body. What a beautiful
sight."well Mike I guess we had better get cleaned up and get
you home before your mom wonders just what has happened to her
little boy."  with that I get up and reach down and help Mike
up. We head off for the showers.  Once in the hot shower we let
the water run all over our hot, sticky, sweaty bodies. It fells
so good and refreshing after mikes first lesson in gay sex. 

I reach for the soap and begin to rub it on Mike's tanned young
body. I rub the bar of soap all in Mike's cock hair. It makes
a great lather that runs down his muscular legs. I move up to
the kids chest and begin soaping him up. I then reach around his
back and soap up his back and down to his young ass. Placing the
bar back in it's rack I start spreading the lather on his hot
body. Down to his cock to clean it. Rubbing gently his cock
springs back to life. This kid doesn't seem to get enough! He
starts moving his hips, pushing his rock hard cock up into my
hands. He reaches for the soap and starts soaping me
down.pressing closer he moves to my back and then down to my
ass. He drops the bar and begins to rub the soapy lather all
over my buns. He moves his hands closer in my crack. A soap
slick finger explores my ass. He presses his body closer tome,
his cock pressing through my legs."Mike you want to give fucking
me a try," I ask?

"can I Todd," he asks back.  With out saying another word I turn
myself in his arms. His cock pressing up against my slick butt.
I bend over to expose my ass hole. He grabs his teen cock with
his hand and guides it into my waiting ass. He presses his
swollen,slick head next to my hole and with a thrust of his hips
he slides in. I give no resistance at all. I let him slide his
length on in. In just seconds I have every inch of this kid up
me. He reaches and grabs me around the waist to steady my ass.
He pulls back out. He slides all the way out and has to put his
cock back in."I'm sorry Todd this is my first time to fuck an
ass," he explains.

"ok Mike just fuck the hell out of me," I answer back.  Once
more inside me he starts fucking. His motion is awkward at first
but soon he has a good rhythm going. In and out he goes. I reach
down and wrap my hand around my own hard dick and start jacking
myself off."fuck me harder Mike.""I don't want to hurt you
Todd""fuck my ass kid and don't worry," I moan back at him. 
Harder he pushes in. His balls swinging back and forth, hitting
me in the thighs. His skin slapping my buns. Harder and harder.
He reaches  around my waist and grabs my cock from my hand and
starts wildly jerking me off to his own rhythm of fucking."oh
man this feels great," Mike whispers at me.  He starts stroking
faster and faster with his hips. It won't be long now until this
kid shoots his teen juices up my hot ass. Faster he goes and
shorter with each stroke."oh shit I'm going to cum," he cries
out.  He pushes hard, deep inside my hot ass. He starts
unloading. I can feel his hot cock jerking deep in my gut. He
pushes harder in. Squeezing my waist it feels like this kid is
trying to put his whole body up my ass."oh shit that feels
great," he moans.  He pulls out just a little and then starts
stroking again. God is he hot. In and out his dick slides.
Seconds later he pushes up deep inside me again. I can feel that
hot cock oh his jerking inside of me again. All he can do is
moan. Seconds later his almost soft cock falls from my well
fucked ass."god Mike you are a fucking stud," I tell him.  He
looks at me with this big smile as I turn him around to face me.
I place my hands on his shoulder and force him down on to his
knees. I grab the back of his head with my left hand and force
him in close to my hard cock. I wrap my fist around my shaft and
start to jack myself off. I let the head of my dick slip into
his lips and then back out. Stroking my length. I let it slip
back in and then back out. Teasing him with my hard piece of
meat. Silently I start to cum. At first little spurts of cum hit
Mike on his face. And then a hugh load splashes on his cheek.
I keep jacking away. Shot after shot spewing out onto his tanned
cheeks. I mop the cum off of his cheeks with my dribbling cock
and press it in through his lips. Cum traces on his fuzzy lip.
He sucks the last drops of cum from my softening dick. I pull
him back to his feet. Pressing our bodies closely together. Our
spent cocks hanging together almost as one. We kiss as we
continue to wash ourselves off.   We don't say much as we dress.


I guess nothing has to be said to make the moments any better.
Finally Mike breaks the silence."Todd do you think that we could
do this again some time?""Mike I'm planning on having to shop
more often at the store just in case you need a ride home."  he
just looks at me with this sheepish grin as we head for the car. 
I'm awakened by the radio alarm. I reach over and hit the
snooze. I lay there half awake. I reach down to my cock. There
is a crust of dried cum in the hair on my stomach. Man what a
dream I think as I lie there. It seemed so real. I can almost
imagine the smell and feel of that kid. There's a slight
stirring in my cock as I lie there remembering. God my cock is
sore! I must have been hard half the night dreaming about this
kid.  Too bad it all had to be a dream I think as I roll out of
bed and head for the bathroom. I can't just get it all out of
my mind as I take a hot shower. Maybe I should have taken a cold
one. I towel off and reach for my bathrobe. I stumble into the
kitchen and make myself a cup of coffee. I decide to go into the
living room and watch a little tv before I get dressed. Walking
into the room I can't believe it! There beside the couch is a
pair of bright red bikini briefs. A smile broadens my face.
