ÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÅÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂ
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³           ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ BANGER II       ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³             BY                    ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³       REGINALD BAR, III ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³                   ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³
ÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÅÄÅÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁ
                                ³³³

                       first read BANGER.DOC


THE WRITER TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY MINOR (UNDER 21) READING
BEYOND THIS POINT.  IF YOU ARE A MINOR STOP AND DELETE
THIS FILE.


        I decided that my first fuck with Marsha was going to be
done right.  So I told Marsha to have Tammy go home.  Tammy got
mad but I told her if She ever wanted me to fuck her again she
would do as she was told.  Before she left I had Tammy get down
on her knees in front of me and bring me to an erection again.
She planted her mouth around my cock and started to nibble and
chew on my cock.  It was standing at attention after a few strokes of
Tammy's powerful vacuum of a mouth.  I grabbed her head and pulled it
away with a popping sound as my dick broke free of her suction cup
mouth.  I sent her on her way and made my move to Marsha.  I knelt
before the chair she was sitting on and took the hand she had been
using to bang herself and licked her juices off them I started to move
my face to lick her shaved cunt but she held my face back.  She said
she didn't want me to touch her with the smell of Tammy's pussy all
over me.  I asked her what she wanted me to do.  She said to go and
take a shower I jumped up and made a bee line for the shower.
      On the way to the shower I saw Tammy getting dressed in my
stepsisters room.  I figured Marsha wouldn't be in my room when I
got back so I grabbed Tammy and took her to the shower with me.
I turned the shower to a hot temperature setting about the same
temperature as Tammy's blazing cunt.  I grabbed a couple of towels and
spread them on the floor of the shower making sure that I didn't stop
up the drain.  I figured it was enough of a cushion for Tammy who was
well padded.  I ordered Tammy to get in the shower and wash her body
from head to toe giving special attention to her pussy and ass.  I
stood at the edge of the shower and watched her rub her whole body with
soap and then rinse off with the hot shower water.  I told her she
didn't do a good enough job.  I grabbed the soap from her hand and
picked up the brush that Marsha and I had used the night before.  I
lathered up the brush and proceeded to scrub her body very vigorously.
I rubbed the brush against her tits rubbing the brush very hard against
her nipples.  Tammy started to moan and rub her pussy with her hands.
I grab her hands and told her not to touch anything.  I continued
scrubbing her body I moved down to her pussy and scrubbed it clean
making her shudder with a orgasm.  I moved to her ass and had her bend
over so I could clean it good.  She said it was tender form the ass
fuck I gave her before.  I didn't pay attention to her words and
proceeded to scrub her ass and asshole.  When I finished I had her
rinse off with cold water coming out of the shower.
      I set the water back to hot and rinsed my body off and had
Tammy wash my body very gently with a face towel.  She worked my
whole body like a Japanese Geisha girl would.  She paused at my pecker
and realy worked the towel all around my cock until it stood rock hard.
I told her to wash my ass real good and bent over so she could do her
job.  When I bent over she started to rub the towel up and down my
crack.  Whenever the towel rubbed against my hole I shivered with a
weird tingle sensation that felt good.  Tammy sensed this and rubbed it
lightly with her finger.  When I didn't order her to stop she tried to
stick her finger in my ass.  My backdoor was shut tight and her finger
was not getting in.  I told her not to force it in.  She took the face
towel and rinsed it off and washed the soap from my ass.  After she did
that she started to lick my anus.  That was the wildest thing I have
ever felt.  The sensation gave me a hardon.  Tammy continued to lick my
asshole and tried to drive her tongue in my hole.  She got my backdoor
to relax and shoved her tongue in as far as it could go she then
removed her tongue and inserted a finger.  She tried to insert another
but my ass clamp tight around her finger I winced in pain and the good
feeling her tongue gave me turned into pain.  I yelled at her to get
her finger the fuck out of my body.  She shrivled back in fear and
begged me not to send her away.
      I told her to lay down on the towels that I had placed on
the shower floor.  She moved so fast to obey she almost nocked me
over.  I then pissed all over her face the warm piss falling around her
face.  I asked her if she liked that and she said the warm sensation
felt so good.  I moved the shower head so the water rinsed her face
clean.  I grabbed the bottle of baby oil and lubed up my soft pecker
and brought myself to an erection.  Tammy asked me if she could do that
for me.  I told her to shut up and do as she was told.  I told her to
grab her legs at the knees and lay back holding her feet up in the air.
I knelt down and looked at this overweight girl holding her legs in the
air like she was riding an imaginary bike.  I told her to pull her legs
apart she obeyed.  I looked down on her pussy and got a great idea
I would shave her pussy.  I got up and went and got my shaver and
shaving cream.  She wanted to know what I was doing.  I told her not to
ask or she would be punished.  She asked again and I pinched her pussy
lips.  She came right on the spot.  I thought to my self what a fucking
weird bitch.  I was one to talk getting ready to shave her cunt.  But I
was determined to try everything I read about in P@#$@#$%# magazine. I
lathered up her pussy and the way she was laying she could look right
at her crotch.  I rubbed the cream in and moved the shaver around to
start.  She cried no please, that got her a hard slap to her bare
ass.  I move the shaver to her pussy again she begged no I gave her
three quick and very hard slaps to the ass then I told her if she
protested anymore that I would stick my hand up her ass to my elbow.
This fucking bitch begged me to try.  I said maybe later and then told
her I would be very gentle with her if she didn't let me shave her
cunt.  She then begged me to shave her cunt.  You can never figure
women.  I shaved her cunt only nicking her a few times but pussy lips
sure do bleed pretty good. I rinsed her cunt off and let her lower her
legs for a while.  She rubbed her now bald cunt and whimpered a bit.  I
told her it would grow back and I would shave it again this seemed to
please her. I let her rest for a moment but she could only rest with my
cock in her mouth.
      I laid down on the towels and let the shower run down on my
body.  The water was getting cold from constantly being on. T told
Tammy to squat over my face a let her piss splash all over my face.  I
read about the yellow shower treatment in a book and wanted to try it
myself.  She let my cock drop from her mouth and squated over my face
and let her bladder empty.  The warm piss flowed from her bladder I
closed my eyes and mouth and the piss hit my face.  The hot piss felt
great almost like having my face buried in a hot sloppy pussy.  Tammy
strained to get every drop out.  I looked up when she was done and she
was still trying to piss.  Damn this girl was realy trying to please
me.  Asking for nothing just wanting to please her BOSS.  I reached up
and stuck a finger in her pussy and then  three finger in and told her
to ride my hand to an orgasm.  It didn't take long this girl had a
quick trigger.  The juices flowed down my arm I thought she was going
to swallow my hand up in her pussy.  I removed my hand and told her to
make me cum.  I told her to first let the water rinse me off.  She
obeyed then got on her knees and looked at my rock hard cock and asked
me why it was hard without being sucked on.  I told her that just
seeing her made me hard know.  That brought a smile to her face and she
lowered her head to her task.
      I watched as she licked the head of my cock and then she put the
head of my pecker in her mouth sucking hard on the end. I told her to
do as she pleased with my 8 inch tool.  This seemed to  be the ticket
to my pleasure.  Because she started mouth fucking my cock slowly in
long measured strokes.  She could only get about three fourth of my
cock in her mouth but she kept at.  She continued to bob her head up
and down slowly taking more and more in her mouth.  I could feel the
insides of her throat on the deep strokes she was taking.  It felt like
fucking a very tight warm pussy that had a - vacuum attached to it.  I
felt the boiling begin in my balls and I didn't try to hold it back
right when I thought I was going to cum Tammy reached up with her hand
and pinched an area of my ball the held back my cum.  She kept the
pressure on the vein that carried my cum and continued to suck and
stroke until she had the entire length of my cock in her mouth.  She
released my balls and let the cum surge to my penis.  Tammy continued
to mouth fuck my cock my hips started to buck around on the floor but
Tammy didn't let my cock fall from her mouth.  All of a sudden my balls
boiled over shooting a jet of cum that had to hit her tonsils.  Tammy
continued to suck not spilling even a drop.  She continued sucking
milking every last bit of chism from my cock as it slowly softened in
her mouth.  My cock continued to shrink in her mouth until it was
completely drained of blood.  But Tammy didn't let it drop from her
mouth she continued to chew and suck at my shrivled pecker.  I just
laid their and enjoyed it.
      Tammy continued to work and surprisingly my cock started to grow
in her mouth.  The amount of cum shots I had in the past two days I
didn't think it was possible.  But Tammy paid no attention to whether I
could get hard again or not she just sucked.  I was rock hard and Tammy
let my cock drop from her mouth she said she wanted to always leave me
with a hard on.  I told her she wasn't getting away with that.  I
grabbed her and told her to mount from the top position and ride me
until she made me cum then she could leave before my cock shrank.  She
squatted just above my cock and I wondered if I could take her weight
slamming down on me.  I held my cock aiming for her pussy and she
parted her pussy lips and slid down on my shaft.  I knew the way she
was standing that it was not going to work.  I told her to get up and
then I got up and pushed her against the wall. I grabbed her right leg
and held it up in the air and drove my cock into her pussy.  I fucked
her standing up but this didn't work for to long because her leg got
heavy after a while so I pulled out and had her lay down and proceeded
to fuck the old fashioned way.  I moved my hips about as fast as I
could I felt like a piston on a car thrusting and relaxing thrusting
and relaxing.  Tammy matched my motion with her own bucking she treated
me like a cowboy riding a wild mare. I was realy into what I was doing
and for some reason I rolled over with my cock still stuffed in Tammy
and let her ride in the saddle until I came.  When I rolled over Tammy
had a massive orgasm and her pussy constricted around my cock she
continued to pump as her pussy grabbed at my cock like a vice.  I tried
to buck and move my hips under Tammy but she was to heavy.  I decide to
let her do the work.  I screamed in her ear to flex her pussy to
tighten the grip around my cock.  She tried and that was good enough.
I felt the walls of her pussy around my cock and slowly started to cum
it was weird I new I was cumming but it wasn't a sudden explosion.  It
kind of snuck up on me and before I knew what happened I bucked my hips
one last time and felt a kind of quiet satisfaction.  At the same
moment Tammy shook with another orgasm and milked my cock with her
quivering pussy.  I pulled her down to me and buried my face into her
40d tits and just sucked and chewed on her nipples giving each tit
equal time.  We both were very well satisfied and I knew I could not
get my cock up again.  We just lay their for a moment letting my cock
stay nestled in her pussy.  It grew small and when I felt like I could
no longer take her weight I took her head in my hands and gazed into
her eyes and told her that I have never made love like that before and
that from now on she would be the only one for me.  I told her that she
had to go on a diet and for exercise we would make wild love to
eachother.  She told me that she would do it as long as she was the
only one I fucked around with. I was in a fuck induced fog and agreed.
I told her to get up and we washed each other gently this time.
      When we finished in the shower Tammy went to my sisters room to
get dressed and I went to mine.  I found my stepsister there waiting
for me.  She was lying on my bed completely nude with a couple of her
fingers stuck in her cunt.  She was asleep I got my clothes on and
gently kissed her pussy and each tit and left the room. As I walked out
of the room Tammy was coming down the hall and asked were Marsha was.
I told her she was asleep on my bed. I asked Tammy if she wanted to go
get something to eat because in was already past lunch time and I was
starving.  She said ok.  We went to a barfdonalds and I got two huge
hamburgers and fries and a large coke, Tammy got a dinner salad and no
dressing. I sat their and ate my food And Tammy didn't seem to mind
that all she had was that skimpy salad.  She realy intended to go on a
diet to keep me fucking her on a regular basis.  We both finished our
late lunch and I asked her what she wanted to do as long as it wasn't
physical.  She could not think of anything so I suggested we go to a
local high school hangout at the local lake.  She wondered if I wanted
to take her out their were all my friends would see her and realize
that she was with me.  I leaned over and kissed her and said I wouldn't
have suggested it if I didn't want her to go.
      We went to her house to get her swimsuit.  She told me to come
inside when we got to her house.  I said ok and asked if her folks were
home she said they might be back todays because they went to a
relatives house yesterday for a party and were supposed to be home
sometime today.  I hoped they wouldn't be their I didn't know how Tammy
would react after our marathon sex sessions.  I pulled into her
driveway and their was huge car parked in the drive.  I think it was an
old four door caddy one of those that was built before the energy
crunch.  Tammy turned to me and said they were home and asked if I
wanted to wait in the car.  I said that I was not going to back out and
insisted on going in.  When we got in the house I understood why she
was overweight because this huge women came around the corner and gave
Tammy a great big hug.  She seen me then she let go of Tammy and asked
who the boy was.  She introduced me as her new boyfriend Reggie Bar.
Her mom said is he related to Marsha.  I said yes that she was my
stepsister and her father adopted me and gave me his last name.  This
seemed to get her interested about my parents.  I had to explain about
my father being dead and how he died when I was very young and that no
I did not remember him I was just a baby and that my mother didn't
marry my stepfather until I was 14.  I also had to explain why I looked
on them as stepfather and sister.  I told her because I never felt them
to be real blood relations.
      All the while I was talking to Tammy's mother she was trying to
force food on us and I could see by the look on her face she was not
used to Tammy refusing.  Her mother was the kind of women who forced
food on you then asked you why you were fat.  Tammy finely told her
mother that she just stopped by to get her swimsuit.  Then the shit hit
the fan she Big momma ask Tammy were she had been last night.  Tammy
told her mother she was home last night.  Momma said she called at
12:00 and that their was no answer.  The blood drained from Tammy's
face and I spoke up and said that Tammy, Marsha and I had went to a
late movie and then out for icecream after.  I told big momma it must
have been around 1: 00am when Marsha and I dropped Tammy off. Tammy
regained her composure and put in her reassurance to big momma.  The
cow bought the story.  Tammy went and got her swimsuit and we left.
When we where out of view I reached over and gave Tammy a big kiss.
      I drove out to the lake and found the local hang out of high
school kids.  Tammy looked around and asked were she was going to put
on her suit I pointed to a group of evergreen trees and said right
behind there.  I got out and got my suit from the trunk of the car and
set off for the trees.  Tammy was back there removing her clothes when
I got there and the site of her naked body gave me a hardon.  The first
time I saw her naked body I was repulsed by it now it excited me.  I
removed my clothes and my cock stood out rock hard.  Tammy looked at me
and smiled she put on her suit and it was one of those out of date
suits that was cut low on the leg openings so her plump ass didn't fall
out.  That didn't matter because all you saw when you looked at Tammy
were those incredible 40D tits that were straining against the cloth.
I started to pull my suit up and couldn't get my erection in my suit I
turned to Tammy and said I needed some help.  She walked over and got
on her knees and licked my balls she stopped and looked at me and asked
how it was hard again after all the sex we had earlier.  I said just
the sight of your naked body gets me excited.  When she herd that she
planted her lips around the end of my cock and started pumping and
sucking like a forty year old toothless whore.  I shot a small wad
after about five minutes of her action she drained every drop not even
a speck of cum fell from her lips. She continued to suck till my cock
started to go soft in her mouth.  She would not stop I had to pull her
head away.  I looked down at her and said the others would come looking
for us if we took to long.  My cock was still semi-erect but I forced
it in my suit and just as Tammy stood up and my cock was covered some
dumb fuck of a sophomore came around the edge of the trees. He knew who
Tammy was and asked her what she was doing out here. Tammy wasnt in the
"in crowd" I took Tammy by the arm and gave her a big kiss and said she
was with me.  I was no big shot either but got along with all the so
called cool people and was invited to all the right parties.  I knew
that I was in the in crowd and Tammy was with me know so she was to.  I
told the little fuck to get out or suck my cock one or the other it
didn't matter to me.  He hesitated so I pulled my suit down and he took
off.
      We went down to the lake and all eyes were on Tammy most of the
guys just stared at her tits while the girls whispered to eachother.
Tammy sat down and enjoyed the sun I went over and talked to some of my
guy friends.  They wanted to know what I was doing with Tammy an
overweight but cute girl.  I told them Tammy did things to me that made
the hair on my balls stand straight.  They all laughed and looked over
at Tammy.  I told them that those tits tasted as good as they looked.
I looked around and several of the guys had a hardons.  I told them to
go jakeoff in the lake That Tammy was mine.  I knew they wouldn't say
anything to their girl friends because they told me what the did to
them or maybe what they hoped the could do to them.  I went back over
and sat by Tammy.  She wanted to know what I told my friends and why
they looked at her with leering grins on their faces.  I told her that
I told them to stop  staring at your lovely body because you were with
me and that is all.  I leaned over and gave her a deep and slow tongue
trading kiss. When we broke our kiss everyone was looking I just
laughed.
      We stayed at the lake till around 7:00pm and a chilly breeze came
up.  We left without changing back into our clothes.  On the way back
to town I had Tammy drive I had an idea of what I wanted to do to her.
When we got on the hiway I reached down and pulled Tammy's suit away
from her pussy so my fingers could get a angle to bang her brains out.
I reached for her pussy and started to rub her cunt and felt it turn
creamy in my hands.  It was great to rub her pussy with no hair in the
way.  Tammy started to moan and toss her head.  I told her to watch the
road I didn't want to wreck and have the police find me with my finger
stuck up her pussy.  I told her to put on the cruise control at 50 mph
when she did that she took her foot off the gas.  I pulled her right
leg over by were my feet were and buried my face in her cunt I probed
all in her pussy until I found her libido and was about ready to bite
it and send her shuddering to a climax.  I felt the car slow and then
turn off the road and stop.  I bit and nibble on her bud sending
shudders through her body I felt her orgasmic fluid rush over my tongue
and I lapped at it like a dog.  All the time I was wondering why we had
stopped but not knowing was half the fun.  I finely took my head away
from her now dripping cunt to see that we were parked in front of her
house.  I looked up just in time to see a large man exit the house.
Man I didn't want him mad at me.  I wiped the musky pussy juice from my
face and Tammy straightened her suit.  Her old man came to the car and
wanted to know what I was doing on the floor.  I told him I dropped a
contact so I had Tammy drive while I looked for it.  Then I remembered
I didn't wear them or glasses either but the big man didn't know that.
He bought it.  We were lucky he could not smell so good because I know
I smelled like pussy his daughters pussy.  Tammy got out of the car and
I told her I would call her sometime.  She thanked me for everything
she said putting an emphasis on everything.  I said remember our
promise cause I will.
      I went home and Marsha was gone I thanked the stars and took a
shower.  I put the shower head to massage and just let the water wring
all the aches and pains a day of suck and fuck can give.  I then let
the shower just stream into my mouth cleaning all the pussy from my
mouth then the nozzle was directed to my now sore cock.  I must have
been in the shower for over an hour because when I got out it was dark
outside and that meant only one more full day without the folks.  I
didn't even think of Marsha as I went to the kitchen and to stuff my
face full of any thing edible I could find.  When I was full I went up
to my room and went to sleep.
      I woke the next morning and had the most terrible pain coming
from my balls that I have ever felt.  I opened my eyes and looked down
at my balls and someone had taped my cock and balls with white 1inch
first aide tape.  I slowly sat up in bed and the pain was intense.  I
looked at the tape and on it was written surprise from you favorite
sister.  I didn't think she would get so mad for not taking her
virginity.  I went to the bathroom i turned on the shower I let the hot
shower water run on my balls hoping it would loosen the tape, it
didn't.  I pulled at the first piece of tape that had unraveled a bit
and realized that it was all on large piece that she had rapped around
and around my cock.  I yelled out you fucking bitch I'll get you for
this.
      I sat in the shower and rolled up in a fetal position and just
moaned.  About ten minutes later Marsha stepped in the shower with a
bottle of liquid and some pliers.  I winced just looking at her.  She
was completely dressed in baggy jeans and t-shirt.  I could see that
sex was not on her mind and if it was I would have beat the shit out of
her.  She told me to get up and get out of the shower because she had
something that would remove the tape. I stood up in the shower holding
my cock in my hands.  Marsha was sitting on the stool and motioned me
over.  I slowly walked over and she moved my hands and poured some of
the stuff she had in a bottle she was holding. The smell drifted up to
my nose it was turpentine And after the initial coolness the stuff
started to burn.  I would have jumped back in the shower but Marsha had
ahold of the tape and I was trapped in her grasp.  The stuff started to
work it loose but not completely. She slowly pulled it off.  My dick
strained to get hard but the tape held it back. Marsha pulled the tape
around my cock slowly but painfully.  The Tape was completely off my
cock but their was still a lot left to go.  My cock stood at attention
but Marsha showed no interest.  I wouldn't have wanted her to if she
did. She poured some more liquid on to the tape around my balls. When
she pull at that all the hair came out to.  I had tears streaming down
my face The pain was so intense.  Finally the tape came off my balls
now bald.  Marsha poured some liquid on my pubic hair and tried to pull
the tape off but it would not come I screamed out in pain.  Marsha
moved me over to the sink and washed my dick and balls of all the
turpentine and told me she was going to pull the rest of the tape in
one hard pull.  I made sure their was no tape stuck to my cock or balls
and grabbed a towel to bite on.  I said I was ready. Marsha got a good
grip on the tape and said on the count of three it goes.  One, Two, She
pulled hard I could hear the hair rip out of my skin I bit down on the
towel letting out grunting scream then the pain subsided.  I looked
down to my pecker and seen an ugly looking thing with white adhesive
stuck here and there. Marsha took a face towel and poured some
turpentine on it and wiped the adhesive off but that still left a
seventeen year old with bald balls and splotchy pubic hair area.  I sat
on the floor and cried.  Marsha apologize and promised I could do
whatever I wanted to her no matter what it was.
      I looked at my cock then at Marsha with tears streaming down My
face and told her to shave my pubic hair so it would grow back even.  I
got back in the shower and Marsha started to take off her clothes to
join me.  I told her leave them on and just shave me nothing else.  I
don't want you to even think about sex with Me I told her.  She left
her clothes on and proceeded to lather up my splotchy pubic hair.  She
then shaved me very slowly all the while she rubbed my cock up and down
slowly bringing it to an erection.  I told her to keep her mind on her
job.  She finished shaving me and rinsed of the remaining shaving
cream. I looked at her work and saw a 17 year old pecker but a 10 year
old pubic area it was smooth as a baby's ass.  I saw that and something
snapped I grabbed Marsha's head and rammed my cock against her lips
until she let my cock into her mouth I made her deep throat my rod on
the first thrust she gagged but I didn't let her stop. I came to a fast
climax thrusting my cock deep in her mouth and let my wad blow, it
washed the walls of her mouth and a little bit squeezed out the side of
her mouth.  I pulled out and she gagged a little but she then licked
the rest off my cock and the little bit that was at the corners of her
mouth.  Marsha looked at me and said to fallow her to her room so I
could do it to her right. I told her I could not do it because I
thought I was in love with Tammy and I had promised her not to have sex
with anyone else. Marsha asked me what it was we just did I said it
wasn't sex but just me relieving myself.  I told her I would
have jacked-off if her mouth wasn't handy.  Marsha ran from the shower
crying.
      I went to my room and dressed and called Tammy.  I told Tammy I
was real sore and was going to stay in bed for most of the day.  Tammy
offered to join me but I said I couldn't get it up so it would be a
waste of time for her.  I told her I'd give her a call later in the
evening around 8pm and told her bye.  I went to Marsha's room and found
her lying face down on her bed crying still in her wet clothes.  I set
at the edge of her bed and rolled her over so I could look into her
face.  I told her that I called Tammy and told her I couldn't see her
today.  I looked at Marsha and said she had me for the whole day.  This
brought a smile to her face.  I started to pull at her shirt I slipped
my hand inside and started rubbing her firm taught breasts.  I lightly
pinched her nipples until they felt like marbles.  Marsha was moaning
and squirming all around the bed I stood up and took ahold of her shirt
and ripped it off revealing her two tits that stayed sticking up even
while she laid on her back.  I thought they put Tammy to shame when
Tammy laid on her back her mushy breasts stuck up about an inch they
fell to the sides like water balloons.  Man what did I see in Tammy?  I
let the adrenaline flow and grabbed her pants and ripped those off.
Tammy looked a little scared so I bent over and took her panties in my
teeth and ripped them off.  I stared at this beautiful body spread out
before me.  A set of perfect tits small waist and a smooth shaved
pussy.  My mouth watered at the sight of her body.  I ripped my clothes
off and had a erection instantly.  I laid down beside her and she told
me to please be gentle with her.  I told her I would do anything she
asked and that all was forgiven. She said she wanted me to eat her
pussy.  I moved down on her and we got into the 69 position and I
proceeded to stick my. . . . . . . . . . . . .  . .




Like BANGER.DOC and now BANGER2.DOC you got to wait for BANGER3.DOC on
a BBS near you to find out if I finely get Marsha's fruit.

                                                               