
               ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
               ³                                            ³
               ³          This Adult Text File From         ³
               ³                                            ³
               ³       T H E   T I T A N I C   B B S        ³
               ³                                            ³
               ³ "For the finest in Adult text and photos"  ³
               ³                                            ³
               ³                305-971-6118                ³
               ³                                            ³
               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

      Chapter Nine - Freewheeling Barbara Toys With Boys

  Steve slipped through the door and looked at Barbara
hesitantly.  He had been sitting in his room, wondering if he
should pack and get a bus or call his parents, but he didn't know
what reason he could give for leaving a day early.  It would
hardly do to tell them Jerry had caught him fucking his mother
and kicked him out.  He was in a mess!  The only bright spot was
his recollection of screwing Mrs. Anderson, and he had a feeling
that that made up for it all!  Jerry had been gone for a long
time.  He hoped he wasn't being too hard on his mother.  She was
really a nice lady!  He couldn't believe she had been nice enough
to initiate him into sex.  He'd always remember her with
gratitude as well as desire.  He sighed.  If only Jerry hadn't
come in on them, there was a lot of other stuff he would have
liked to try with her!
  When Jerry had come into his room, he had cowered back, fearful
that his friend was still mad.  But Jerry had grinned at him and
motioned him to get up.
  "Steve?  Why don't you go in and see Mom again?  She'd really
like you to."
  Steve looked at his friend in consternation.  Jerry's eyes were
shining with a hot light and his face was flushed.  And he was
nude.  Steve wondered what was going on.  He wasn't to be left in
doubt long for his friend urged him to follow.
  "I'm gonna take a piss.  You just go on in - she's ready for
you.  I'll be in in a minute!" Jerry left him at the door to
Barbara's room and disappeared into the bathroom.
  Steve followed him with his eyes.  His mind boggled.  If what
he said was true, Jerry was telling him to go back in and screw
his Mom and he'd join them.  Steve cautiously opened the door,
expecting Jerry to return at any moment and drag him out boldly.
  "Uh, Jerry sent me, Mrs. Anderson," he stuttered, his eyes
going over the reclining figure on the bed.  She was still
dressed as she had been before, in garter belt and hose.  She
just looked a trifle more disheveled.  Her lips were bright red
and wet as she smiled at him, and he saw the stains of semen on
her auburn bush.  So Jerry screwed her, too, he mused, his prick
stirring at the thought.
  "Come here, dear," Barbara crooned, raising her arms.  "Jerry
and I had a long talk, and we decided to include you in our
understanding.  We're going to have a lot of fun together!"
  "You bet!" Steve exclaimed, his eyes glowing.  "Wow!  This is
unreal!" He sat on the edge of the bed gingerly and reached out
to touch her swollen boobs.  "Jerry said he'd be here in a
minute, for us to go ahead," he said.  "Would you like me to lick
your pussy for a while?  I really liked the way it tasted
before!"
  "Oh, yes, darling, lick my cunt," Barbara murmured, raising her
hips and presenting her cunt in open invitation for his tongue.
  He fell to his knees and advanced his head eagerly.  His tongue
darted into her swollen hole.  It was a dirty, filthy thought,
and the perversity made it the most exciting thing he could
imagine.  If anyone had ever told him that the taste of a boy's
cum would turn him on, he would have hit him - he was no queer!
But eating out of a woman's cunt, the taste of sperm mingled with
the sharp tang of pussy, that was something else!  He licked her
out happily, swallowing fresh pussy juice in huge gulps, his
tongue vibrating against the slick walls of her cunt.
  "Oooooh, Stevie, suck my cunt good.  I love the way your tongue
is fucking me.  Clean it out, baby, clean my kitchen, swallow my
cum.  Oh yes, please, suck it," she mumbled, her hands pinching
and massaging her swollen tits.  Her whole body felt light.  She
was floating on a cloud of lust.  She bucked her hips into the
boy's sucking face, imprisoning his bobbing head with her firm
thighs.
  Steve clamped his lips on her clitoris - it wobbled under his
touch and tried to slip away, but he pulled it from its sheath
and nibbled on the shiny head, causing her to buck wildly.  He
bunched two fingers together and slid then into her pulsing hole,
finger-fucking her as he sucked on her clitoris.
  Barbara groaned in lust.  Steve was learning fast, she thought
crazily.  He sucked her cunt like he'd been doing it for years,
expertly rasping he sensitive clit with his tongue, ramming his
fingers into her twat in perfect rhythm.  She looked down past
her breasts.  She could see his head between her thighs, his dark
hair splashing against her white thighs, tickling them.  She
could even feel his nose in her twat, rubbing back and forth
along her distended lips, sliding in her slippery groove.  She
wondered how he could breathe.  Surely he was choking from her
copious fluids!  But he didn't seem to mind.  He dug away
unceasingly with fingers and tongue, sending her over the brink
into a crashing orgasm.
  "Oh, oh, oh!  I'm cumming Steve!  Cumming in your face!  Oh,
eat me, darling!  Eat my cum!" she screamed, her hips bucking
under his face.  He sucked harder and faster, his tongue flashing
over the whole swollen surface, his teeth clamped on her clit,
his fingers pounding in her cunt.  As she gushed, he pulled out
his fingers and glued his mouth to her sticky slot, drinking in
the sweet fluids of her cum.  Finally he lifted his face and
grinned at her, pussy juice trickling down his chin, and, without
a pause, climbed on top of her, sinking his hard dick into her
still trembling hole.
  Barbara shuddered, her pussy grasping eagerly at the new
invader, drawing his cock into her spasming canal greedily,
sucking at him with greasy cuntlips.  "Oh, yes, fuck me, now!"
  "I am," Steve said, feeling her pussy engulf him.  The
incredible sensation of her still quivering cunt grasping his
dick sent tremors of excitement through his body.  Her cunt felt
like it had fingers, fingers that clasped his dick and squeezed
it, pulling him into a bottomless pit.
  "Give it to me hard," she begged, looking up at him with moist
eyes.  She cupped her breasts together and offered them to him,
hoping he would suck on the tender nipples.
  "I will, Mrs. Anderson," Steve promised.  "I'll fuck you as
hard as I can!"  He bent forward and slipped her nipples into his
mouth, sucking on the turgid tips.
  Barbara shivered as fire lanced through her chest and joined
the molten blaze in her stomach.  She felt like she was burning
up now, her whole body smoldering, waiting to be ignited by his
cock to a consuming blaze.  She kept her heels flat on the bed,
her back arching as she undulated her hips under his attack.  His
pecker zipped in and out of her steaming hole.  It was a
delicious friction.  She wished he were a little larger and could
reach the most sensitive places in the back of her cunt, but she
knew Jerry would be here soon to help out, and she wouldn't be
unsatisfied.  Besides, her body still glowed from her orgasm
under Steve's tongue, and his prick was doing a good job of
keeping her passions going.  She raised her legs and put them
over his shoulders, knowing that this would tighten her cunt, but
it wasn't enough.  She groaned in partial frustration and wished
Jerry would hurry!
  Steve was unaware of Barbara's frustration.  He pounded into
her cunt, not noticing that he was a little small for her
distended hole.  Her hole was flabby, puffed from the successive
screwings with salami and Jerry's bigger cock.  Steve didn't
care.  He was too relieved at getting his opportunity to fuck her
again to worry about minor details.  He was getting enough
stimulation.  He knew he was going to cum soon.
  "Steve, hold it, darling.  Let me turn over.  You can go in
doggy style, from the back, it'll be tighter," Barbara said
finally.  She didn't want him to stop, but it was maddening to
her to be right at the brink of orgasm and not be able to go
over.  And she was tired of waiting for Jerry.  It seemed like
he'd been away for hours!  And she wanted a good, tight fuck now!
  "I don't wanna fuck your ass right now," Steve complained.
  "No, just go in my pussy from the back," Barbara explained,
turning over quickly and sticking her butt up in the air.
  Steve stared at her rear end.  He could see her pussy lips
hanging down, looking slightly obscene and bloated with lust.  He
was a little disgusted.  He had never seen a cunt from this
angle, and he didn't like the way it looked, but he was too
excited to be picky.  He felt between her legs and located her
gaping hole easily, then brought his prick to the mark and shoved
it in.  She was right - it was a lot tighter from this angle, and
his prick hit some new areas he couldn't reach before.  He pumped
into her, careful not to dislodge himself until they got a rhythm
going.
  "Reach in there and grab my clit!" Barbara commanded hoarsely.
This was more like it.  Her cunt was much tighter around his
cock, and the curving angle of his prick made it hit excitingly
against her canal.  As the boy's hand snaked between her thighs
and grabbed in her soppy cunt for her clitoris, she shook in
passion.  His finger touched the slippery button, and she
squealed in pleasure.
  "That's the way, oh fuck me, harder, harder!  I'm going to cum
all over the place - God, I can feel it in my stomach!"
  Steve grimly clung to her churning ass, one hand wrapped around
her hips, his fingers clawing at her clit, the other hand cupping
one of her hanging tits, pinching the nipple with his fingers.
"That's the way, Mrs. Anderson, shake your ass!" he crowed.  "I'm
gonna cum soon.  I'm fill your fucking cunt."
  The two humped frantically on the bed, trying to gain maximum
stimulation from this position.  Barbara's head was pressed into
the mattress, her body bent like a bow from the force of the
young boy's cock thrusts.  She panted like a steam engine, her
body quaking with each blow, her insides churning as she strove
toward orgasm.  Finally she knew she was there - a few more
strokes into her sensitive cunt and she'd make it!
  "Just a little more, Steve, fuck me hard!" she yelled.
  "I'm trying, but I gotta cum quick.  My balls are about to
blow!" Steve pumped violently into her sloppy cunt.  His cock
squished through her fleshy parts like a knife through soft
cheese, parting her dripping membranes, slamming into the back
wall of her cunt.  Every time his cock hit the spot near the
opening of her womb, she spasmed around his pole.  But he
couldn't keep it up much longer.  The need for release was
coursing through him.  "Hold on!  I'M GONNA BLOW MY NUTS!  HERE
IT COMES!  OH, FUCK, FUCK!  CUMMING!  OHHHHHH!" and his tube
began to spurt, sending a hot stream of cum into her hot pussy.
  Barbara didn't mind.  Her orgasm had flooded her seconds before
his announcement, and she was swept away on a tide of pussy
fluid, her stomach muscles convulsing with the strain, her cunt
spasming.
  "Ohhh, cum in me!  Fuck your beautiful sperm into me," she
moaned, collapsing forward on the bed.  The man fell with her,
his shrinking prick slipping from her hole with a plop.
  "Beautiful," a voice said cheerfully.  "Move over, Steve, I
want to get some of my Mom's cunt, too," Jerry said.  He had
arrived for the last of the previous scene, and had restrained an
impulse to jump in.  He wanted to watch for a minute, see how it
looked from an outside view.  The last time he had seen Steve
fuck his mother, he was too pissed off to observe closely.  This
time he had watched carefully with bated breath, one hand
stroking his dick, his eyes glued to the fucking bodies in
amazement.  He had watched as Steve plunged his thin pecker into
his mother's rear.  For a minute he'd thought he was going in her
bung hole, but then he saw the distended lips of her pussy bulge
around his friend's cock.  He had been especially turned on by
the action of his mother's hips.  They had swung in circles and
bumped up and down as if on well-oiled springs.  Steve's prick
had looked like a dark nail as it hammered in and out of
Barbara's cunt, disappearing into her recesses.  He had noticed
how fluids ran down her thighs and soaked his balls, and when the
two came, that was the most exciting part of all!  He had
recognized Barbara's orgasm by the frantic trembling of her body,
her skin rippling over her bunched up muscles.  And a few seconds
later Steve had shot his wad.  He watched as Steve's body smashed
into his Mom's cunt and ground his hips furiously, screwing
himself in to the root.  When he pulled out his shrunken cock,
semen dripped from Barbara's open cunt, running down her legs and
puddling on the sheet.  Jerry's cock was standing straight up,
ready for action.  He had watched enough!
  Barbara's heart leaped as she heard her son's voice.  Her body
was still on fire.  She had had two mind-blowing orgasms and was
ready for more!  Her cunt exuded a dollop of sperm and she rolled
over on her back, smiling at Jerry.  Steve lay beside her
breathing heavily.
  "Wow, your Mom's really something," he told Jerry.
  "Yeah, well, Mom, where do you want it?  I think I'd like to
have you give me head."  Without waiting for an answer, Jerry
straddled his mother's chest, poising his prick before her mouth.
It stuck straight out from his stomach, a thick shaft of pulsing
red topped with a rosy head.  His mother's luscious lips gladly
received her son's love shaft and sucked him to orgasm.  Jerry
smiled, knowing that he and Steve would have many more good times
together with his Mom.


  The advertisement in the newspaper was more than interesting to
Barbara.  She had been scanning the ads for days, and here it
was!  The answer to her problem.  She had decided she had to get
out of her present lifestyle, have something to do, something
more than bicycle riding off into the hills every so often with
Annette.  Something to insure that she would not be at home when
her son came home on his future vacations.  This terrible thing
had to stop.  If she was home, uninvolved, it would happen again
and again.  She had to get involved with something.

                      Business Opportunity

                  BIKE SHOP, SALES AND SERVICE.
                  GOOD LOCATION.
                  JUST OFF COLLEGE CAMPUS.
                  PLENTY OF STUDENT TRAFFIC.
                  QUALIFIED STAFF RUN SHOP.
                  OWNER LEAVING STATE.
                  $15,000 HANDLES.

  But that wasn't the best part of it!  The bike shop was just
off the campus where Jim attended State College!  She thought
about Jim, thought how wonderful it would be.  "Bike freak" is
what he had called himself.  He could work for her!  It was, if
nothing else, a way out.
  Two days later she was looking over the shop.  They carried an
inventory of every make of bike, even had a few mopeds.  She gave
the old man who owned the shop a certified check and said she
would take over the business in one week.
  Barbara and Annette pumped their bikes up a steep hill.  "But
why didn't you tell me what you were doing?  I could have been
your partner, Barbara.  Think of it, a bike shop!" Annette
queried.
  "No, Annette, this has to be something I do by myself.
Besides, it won't interfere with our bike jaunts.  I only have to
be up at the shop two days a week.  Doing the books and such."
  "But we've always been partners in this bike thing.  I'm hurt,
Barbara, I must tell you that."  They reached the top of the hill
and coasted downward.  And Barbara thought, but I've had other
partners besides you, sweet Annette.  Oh!  If you only knew!
  "We've only got two miles to go," Annette called.  "I can't
wait to see your new bike shop."
  "Yes, well you go on.  I'll give you the keys and you can look
it over.  I have an errand to run first."
  "An errand?  To where?" Annette asked quizzically.
  "Personal.  It's a call I have to make on a friend at the
college.  The campus is off to the left, the shop is off to the
right.  I'll join you in an hour or so.  And Annette, I have a
present for you.  When you get to the shop pick out whatever bike
you want, it's yours.  After all, it's you who introduced me to
the bike world."
  They did not stop riding while Barbara handed Annette the keys
to the shop.  Then Barbara turned off to her left, Annette
attacking an up-grade to the right, toward the shop.  The up-
grade was not a problem, but she struggled to remember the
address of the shop.
  "Sometimes I think you're crazy, Barb," Annette yelled as she
turned.  Then she puffed hard, her legs working and straining.
"I think I'm getting old."
  Well, get old by yourself, love. I never felt younger in my
life! Barbara thought as she headed into the campus grounds.
  It was just as Jim had described it, one block off campus,
right on the beach, a New Orleans atmosphere with funny little
balconies, and the freshman girls pedaling their bikes down the
street in their little bikinis, no bras under their T-shirts.
  She walked down three steps and knocked at the door of Jim's
basement apartment.  There was no answer, so she knocked again.
Still nothing.  She tried the door and it was unlocked.
  Entering and calling his name, she came upon a small living
room with a floor piled high with books, old newspapers, girlie
magazines, and Playboy pinups on the wall, beer cans in the
corner, and an odor of pot hanging heavy in the air.
  "Who the hell is it?" a voice came from the bathroom.
  "Barbara.  Is that you, Jim?"
  "Barbara who?"  The voice seemed strained.
  "Barbara, the bike freak," she laughed.
  "No shit?  C'mon in."
  She opened the bathroom door and saw him sitting in a wooden
chair that was placed directly below a shower that poured water
on his head a shoulders.  His body was perfectly tanned,
beautiful muscular perfection.
  She had to smile.  He looked so wonderfully young.
  "What in the world are you doing?  You'll ruin that chair.  It
looks like an antique."
  "Naw," Jim said, his hair washed flat down over his face.
"Early Salvation Army.  These landlord gougers give us shit for
furniture, they figure they've got a captive audience.  Serves
'em right, the bastards."
  "But how long have you been sitting there?  Your skin's
shriveling up."
  "Big bash last night.  This is the best thing for a hangover.
Cold water, man.  Cold water and then a hot woman.  Cure you
every time."
  "oh?  Well then you've got both, haven't you."  She started
slipping out of her shorts.
  "Yeah, awesome.  I'm just lucky, I guess.  You like cold
showers?  Climb in.  To tell you the truth I've thought about you
a lot.  You were some kinda lay, lady.  Hmmm.  That brings back
some memories ..."
  Barbara was stark naked now as she stepped into the shower
stall.  She wasted no time kneeling to her hot young hunk.
Barbara's lips and tongue were busy doing what they did best.
In the middle of the heated session in the cold shower, the old
chair broke.
  Neither the hot sucking woman nor the young horny college
student cared.  Barbara hungrily continued blowing her dream
lover knowing that all her plans would work out.

                          T H E   E N D

                              # # #

  Okay, folks, that's the end of Barbara's Freewheeling
adventures.  I hope you enjoyed it.  Unfortunately
Barbara has been forced into permanent retirement by
some Jerry Falwell supporters.  So please be advised
that all BARBARA?.TXT files will be purged on June 10th.
  If any of you have suggestions as to where Barbara
could continue her adventures (ie. adult BBS), please
write:
                  A. Green
                  1601 West 2nd Street #C4
                  Brooklyn, New York
                  11223





The following is a message for the prudes of the world:






   SSSSSS   UU    UU   CCCCCCC  KK     KK       IIIIII  TTTTTTTTTT  !!
  SS    SS  UU    UU  CC     CC KK    KK          II        TT      !!
   SS       UU    UU  CC        KK  KK            II        TT      !!
     SS     UU    UU  CC        KKKKK             II        TT      !!
       SS   UU    UU  CC        KK  KK            II        TT
  SS    SS  UU    UU  CC     CC KK    KK          II        TT      !!
   SSSSSS    UUUUUU    CCCCCCC  KK     KK       IIIIII      TT      !!

                                *..*
                             *        *
                           *            *
                          *              *
                            * *  *   * *
                            *     *    *
                            *    *     *
                            *     *    *
                            *    *     *
                            *     *    *
                            *    *     *
                            *     *    *
                            *    *     *
                            *      *   *
                         \  *    *     * /
                       \ \* *      *   * */ /
                     \ *    *    *     *    */
                   \ *     \               /  */
                 \ *   o o  \ /           / \   */
                \ *  o \  \     /       \ \ \ o  */
                \*       o                  o  o  */
                \*   o/          ||      \   o    */
               // *   o   o  *|*!**!* *   o  \  /*\\
                 / *       *\   |  |  / *   \ \ *\
                   //* * *\              /* * *\\
 

                                                                                                              
    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³                   T H E    T I T A N I C   B B S                  ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³                         305 - 971 - 6118                          ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³            'For the best in Adult Text and GIF files'             ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

