Archive-name: 3plus/beachvac.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Beach Vacation


I don't know how many of you have read about the skiing vacation I took last
last winter. It was a rather boring until my boyfriend Dave and his friend Jim
decided to do some very kinky things to Jim's girlfriend Cathy and me, of
course. None of the individual activities were new to me, but the combination
of things did get me very excited. Cathy on the other hand was quite innocent
of these kinky entertainments. The vacation turned out to include her first
assfuck, her first time naked in front of more than one guy at a time, her
first time naked (in a sexual context) in front of a girl (me), her first
enema, her first outdoors fuck, her first lesbian kiss, her first swapping, her
first time with two cocks at once, her first lesbian licking, her first lesbian
fingering, her first taste of pussy, (lots of lesbian firsts in here) etc.,
etc., etc...

Well, it was so much fun that the boys (Dave and Jim) decided to spend a summer
vacation together as well. Needless to say Cathy and I were going to be used
for their kinky perversions again. I was dripping cunt juice just thinking
about it. Now that it has happened, I am going to tell you about it.
Dave and I arrived late on Sunday afternoon. Jim and Cathy were already there
and had dinner ready for the barbecue. No one mentioned doing anything kinky.
We just waited until someone started something. Nothing kinky happened that
night. Dave gave me a good fuck, but nothing out of the ordinary. The next
morning we got up and went to the kitchen for breakfast. Jim and Cathy were
already making pancakes and coffee. The sight of the syrup made me giggle and
that got Cathy giggling as well. Jim told Dave that these two dirty-minded
girls needed to be taught some breakfast manners. Dave agreed and took my arm
and bent me over the table. As he lifted up my robe to expose my ass to Jim,
Cathy was getting bent over next to me. Soon there were two asses bared for the
boys to see and punish. First Dave gave me a smack on each ass cheek, Jim did
the same to Cathy. Then they switched, Jim smacked my ass, Dave did Cathy's.
Then they switched and increased the number to two smacks per ass cheek. Then
switch and spank, then switch, increase to three smacks, then switch again. Now
there were four pink, tender ass cheeks showing. I had received harder
spankings before, but these were enough to get me hot and the grin on Cathy's
face told me she wanted to get started on the kinky stuff too.

They stood us up and stepped back. Dave told us to drop the robes we were
wearing. We opened them and drop them to the floor. Jim told us to turn around
slowly. We did, showing off everything (tits, cunt, ass). Dave mentioned that
Cathy and I had not properly greeted each other. He told us to "Do It", and we
did. We fell into each others arms and tried to devour the others tongue.
Quickly our hands moved down to tits we hadn't seen or sucked in 6 months.
Wanting more, our hands moved down to cunts and asses. I had two fingers in
Cathy's hot wet snatch and a finger working in her ass crack before the boys
pulled us apart. They told us we would have to wait to have that kind of sex.
In the meantime, they wanted breakfast, and Cathy and I were the desert. After
eating the pancakes and drinking their morning coffee, Cathy and I were laid on
the table, legs up and open. Dave sat at my crotch, Jim at Cathy's. Maple syrup
was poured onto our cunts and properly licked off. Soon both Cathy and I were
in the throes of a great orally induced orgasm. Before we recovered from it
completely, the boys switched places. This time strawberry jam and a longer,
slower orgasm.

When we were recovering from our second orgasm of the day, the boys turned us
face down on opposite sides of the table. Dave began to lubricate my asshole. I
knew it was Dave because he is so gentle when he is buttering up my ass for a
fucking. He finished and moved away. Hands grabbed my ass cheeks and a cock
pressed against my asshole. I looked up to watch Jim plow Cathy's hot ass only
to see Dave working his cockhead into her. I reached forward with my right hand
to pull one of Cathy's cheeks. I reach back with my left to pull my own ass
cheek. Dave told Cathy what I was doing and told her to do the same. Soon we
were holding our ass cheeks open for the boys to fuck our willing assholes. Jim
pulled his cockhead out for a moment, said he wanted to see how open I really
was, then put his cock back into my tail, this time pushing slowly until he was
complete filling my ass. The boys began a long rhythmic fuck. This fuck was for
their pleasure, and they certainly took their time getting it. I really enjoy
an assfuck, because the pleasure never seems to stop, it builds to a point
where I don't care about anything else, and stays at that plateau until either
I finger myself off or the guy shoots his load. Cathy thrashes around a bit
more than I do when she is getting her tail worked over, but she enjoys it.

After a long time of this pleasure plateau, Jim began to pump my ass faster. I
reacted by tightening my ass, squeezing his muscle to match his strokes. I
wanted to cum when he did so I moved my left hand underneath and worked my
finger into my slit. I was certainly wet enough for any sex act, but I am right
handed and it was a little difficult to finger myself to orgasm. Jim saw (and
felt) what I was doing and told Cathy to do the same to her cunt. The thought
of a finger entering her hot wet hole got me really going. Jim grabbed my waist
and plunged all the way in and held me tight as he shoot his cum into me. I
pushed hard against my clit and thought about Cathy's love button. I was
cumming before Jim finished spewing. I looked up to see Dave smiling as he
unloaded into Cathy's tail.

When we were able to get up, Dave said that we needed a thorough cleaning
before we would be allowed out onto the beach. The boys led us to the bathroom.
We were told to get into the tub and wash each other. Dave used the hand-held
shower nozzle to rinse us. Cathy and I eagerly washed the other's tits, cunt,
ass, everything. After Dave rinsed the soap off our tits, I had a chance to
suck Cathy's big fleshy tits again. I made sure that I quickly got a finger
into both Cathy's cunt and ass. A splash of water on my face from Dave told me
it was time to change positions. I stood up and let Cathy begin to suck on my
tiny nipples. She was so hungry for tit, she sucked my entire little tit into
her mouth. (I just wish I had more tit flesh for her to suck) She sucked and
licked until Dave splashed her face to make her stop. He rinsed off the rest of
us and then Jim said he was ready. While Cathy and I were sucking tittie, Jim
was preparing our first enema of the vacation. Dave had given me several enemas
in the three years we have been screwing, and then after the ski trip, he has
been giving them to me every Friday night, to get me ready for the weekend.

They told us to get down on our knees in the tub and bend over the side. This
is the same position they had us in during the skitrip, when Cathy got her
first enema. Jim hooked two enema bags to the shower curtain rod and dangled
the hoses so we could see the long thin nozzles. Jim and Dave took positions
next to us and began to soap up our freshly fucked assholes. After they had
some fun fingering our tails, they slowly inserted the long nozzles. The smile
on Cathy's face showed me that she had been cleaned out more than once since
our skitrip and thoroughly enjoyed it. The rush of hot soapy water startled me
as it filled my rectum. The boys squeezed the bags to make sure we got filled.

The heat was causing us to sweat as the boys removed the nozzles and inserted
butt plugs. They pulled our heads up and Dave joined us in the tub. He turned
on the shower and had us wash his important parts. After we soaped, massaged,
and rinsed his now rigid cock, he pulled my head towards him and I opened my
mouth to receive his cock. He fucked my mouth for a few strokes, then pulled
out and turned towards Cathy. Her open mouth was waiting for him to insert his
cock and fuck away. A few more strokes and he came back to me. We alternated
getting our mouths fucked until Dave finally held my head as he shot a load of
cum down my throat. Dave got out of the tub and Jim took his place. After we
cleaned him appropriately, he repeated the alternating mouth fuck until he shot
his load into Cathy's mouth. Jim got out and as he dried himself off, Cathy and
I were instructed to finger yourselves. We stood in the tub, leaning against
the wall with our legs spread as wide as they could in the tub. One hand down
into my snatch, the other squeezing my titties, I began to pump my hot slick
hole, rubbing my clit with each stroke. It didn't take long before I came. I
opened my eyes and watched Cathy slide down into an open legged squatting
position and pump two fingers in and out of her cunt with total abandon. While
she recovered, I was allowed to empty my ass after Jim pulled out the butt
plug. When I finished, Dave came back and told Jim that everything was ready.

Jim had me get into the tub and he rinsed me off quickly. Dave was pulling out
Cathy's butt plug. (Actually he was enjoying just wiggling it around in her
tail.) Jim took me back out into the kitchen, where Dave had laid a sheet on
the table and prepared for the next activity. Jim had me lay on the table and
spread my legs wide. (I had gotten my cunt shaved clean when I went to a
reunion in January. I kept it hairless all spring. Dave liked it so much, that
he talked to Jim about it whenever they called to plan this trip. I stopped
shaving my cunt in June to give these boys something to do. And now Jim was
going to do it.) Jim took a shaving mug and brush and lathered my cunt, from
the top of my triangle, down my slit and across my asshole. Then he took a
razor and gently removed what little hair I had grown in the last seven weeks.

He smiled every moment, especially when he shaved my outer lips. He inserted
his finger into my cunt hole and squeezed my lip between his thumb and the
finger in my hole. He pulled my lip taut and shaved off every little hair
follicle. When he was finished with my cunt, he had me turn over. Knees and
tits on the table, ass high in the air, he applied more lather to my ass, not
just my asshole or my crack, but all over my ass cheeks as well. Again he very
gently shaved me, leaving not a single piece of fuzz on my ass. He wiped off
the remaining lather and liberally applied some baby oil. He made sure that I
was very smooth and slick and ready. Jim took me from the table and Cathy took
my place. Jim had me bend over slightly so he could fondle me from behind while
we watched Cathy get shaved. He slipped two fingers into my cunt and his thumb
into my ass. He held me this way until Dave had shaved Cathy's cunt and ass as
well as Jim had done mine. I wiggled against Jim's fingers when we watched Dave
oil up Cathy, especially when he worked two oil coated fingers into her cunt
and twisted his hand around. When Dave finished having his fun with Cathy's
slick cunt and ass, she was taken from the table and we were escorted to the
living room, where the boys had laid out our new bathing suits, suits they had
bought for us.

The tops were fairly standard, two small triangles of cloth with some strings
to tie behind our necks and backs. The bottoms however were quite interesting.
One triangle of cloth with two strings from one point. We were instructed to
hold the triangle against our mound while the boys pulled the two strings
between our legs, up into our ass cracks. They then tied a knot in the strings
at the top of our ass crack. Bringing the two strings around out hips, they
threaded the strings through eyelets across the top of the triangle and tied a
bow when they met in the center. This allowed the triangle to cover our slits
(it could be spread out or bunched up thin depending on how much shaven mound
they wanted to show off), but left our ass cheeks bare for everyone to see. The
boys put on their suits and we left for the beach.

We spent the morning (what was left of it) just lying in the sun. The boys made
sure we were properly covered with sunscreen. They took turns rubbing it all
over our exposed skin, especially our pale ass cheeks. The boys talked between
themselves and let Cathy and I do some girl talking. (What we talked about
would be too much for this story and I may use it for another.) In early
afternoon, the boys got hungry and we picked up our stuff and went to lunch. We
went to a small burger place. The boys got seats and Cathy and I went up to the
counter to get the food (and show off our shiny ass cheeks to everyone). After
we ate, Dave and I cuddled up together while the boys talked some more. Dave
had his arm around me, with his hand down toward my cunt. At one point, he took
his soda and got out a small piece of ice. Hidden by the table, he slipped his
hand under the skimpy triangle covering my slit and rubbed that piece of ice
against my hot clittie. If he had asked, I would have stripped and fucked him
right there, I was so hot. But he didn't ask, or tell or do anything else
sexual. He left the ice held against my clit by my own lips and we got up and
went back to the beach. Walking back to the beach, Cathy asked me if my piece
of ice had melted as quickly as hers. We giggled, and Jim looked back at us and
told us we would get more later. At the beach we spent the afternoon laying in
the sun and watching the people walking by. Cathy and I watched for good
looking guys ('Hunk Alert') while the boys watched for girls of course ('Bimbo
Alert'). Although I would not have minded getting a few of those girls stripped
just for myself.

Late in the afternoon, we packed up and went back to the house. The boys took
us around back to an outside shower. All four of us could fit in it, but Dave
stayed out to prepare the barbecue. Jim had us take off his bathing suit and
wash him completely. Surprisingly he left Cathy and I in our suits. When he was
clean, he turned off the shower and had us kneel down. He repeated the mouth
fuck, this time shooting his load into my mouth. He told me not to swallow it
yet. He pushed Cathy and I together till our faces met. Her lips parted and we
pushed his cum back and forth with our tongues until we were separated by Dave.

We each swallowed what cum we had and stripped and washed Dave. When we
finished cleaning him, he repeated the mouth fuck, cumming in Cathy's mouth.
She didn't need any guidance this time as we clinched and exchanged Dave's cum
with our eager tongues. Dave bent over and told us that we could have some fun
with each other now, but that they expected us to come out of the shower clean
enough to eat.

Cathy and I swallowed Dave's cum and quickly stripped off each other's suits.
We spent a long time soaping up tits, cunts and asses. We were careful not to
get any soap inside our cunt holes, but I bent Cathy over and soaped her ass,
carefully working one, then two fingers into her tail. I had her hands on the
wall in front of her so she couldn't finger her clit. I pumped her ass until I
knew she would cum at the first touch to her clit. I pulled out of her ass and
rinsed her off and then rinsed myself. I told Cathy to lay down on the floor of
the shower. I told her that we should check to be sure we were edible enough to
please the boys. She laid down and pointed out that the shower walls left a 9
nine gap at the floor and that the boys (and the neighbors) could see us on the
floor if they looked. I told her that we should give them a good show and
squatted down, pushing my clean shaven cunt onto her mouth and pressed my
tongue against her clit. It took only a few licks on her clit to make her cum,
just what I wanted) and I spent the next few minutes licking the delicious
cream from her clean cunt hole. Several times Cathy would lick my hole and clit
just to the point of cumming and then she would push me away. Being larger and
stronger than me, she kept my cunt from rubbing against her when she didn't
want me to cum. After I had calmed down, she would pull me back towards her
mouth and she would begin again by stuffing her tongue into my hole. Three
times she brought me to the edge of orgasm only to push my cunt away before I
could cum. The third time she held me with one hand on each ass cheek and began
to rub my asshole with her fingertips. I pushed my tongue as deep into her cunt
as I could trying to get her to let me cum. She worked on my asshole and pushed
her cunt up at my tongue. She pulled my ass open and worked a finger from each
hand into my tail. I licked at her hot moist hole wanting to cum, wanting her
to cum. When I thought she was at the edge, I moved my mouth back to her clit
and sucked her erect nub into my mouth and sucked hard. She came, intense,
quick waves of pleasure swept through her. She clamped her legs around my head,
keeping me in my place and she pushed her fingers into my asshole up to the
second knuckle. She pulled my cunt lips open with her thumbs and drove her
tongue deep into my hole. She wiggled her tongue in me until her orgasm
subsided. She released my head and pulled her tongue out of my cunt. I begged
her to make me cum. She laughed and said that she was going to leave my orgasm
for the boys. She rolled me off her, and we hugged and kissed and she told me
that I gave her two great orgasms and that we were switch roles the next day.

We got up, rinsed off one more time and prepared to leave the shower. It was
twenty feet from the shower door to the back door of the house, and two very
naked girls covered that distance very quickly, only to be stopped at the door
by Dave. He gave us each a hand towel and told us to dry off on the back porch
before coming inside. We quickly dried off in full view of any of the
neighbors. We didn't see anyone else watching us, but if anyone was, they got a
good show. The boys barbecued dinner outside while Cathy and I did all the
inside preparations. After dinner, we went into the living room and sat,
drinking good wine, listening to good music. It was a very relaxing part of the
evening. After several hours (and bottles of wine), none of us were feeling any
pain. Dave got up and prepared another cartridge for the [[cd]] player. When he
started it, Jim stood up and stripped off his shirt and shorts. Dave did the
same. Now with all four of us naked the boys announced that it was time for
desert, and we were it. Cathy and I were moved to the couch, we leaned back,
pulled our legs up and then out to expose our clean hairless cunts. Jim brought
out a tray with some desert stuff on it. Both boys grabbed a banana, peeled it
and worked it into a cunt. Dave filled mine and Jim filled Cathy's. They broke
off any piece that extended beyond our lips. Then they poured chocolate syrup
all over our shaven cunts. They poured a little onto each tittie. Then a spray
can of whipped cream, again onto our cunts and a little on our tits. Finally a
cherry to top each tit mound and one where our clit was hidden. Dave took out a
Polaroid camera and took a picture of each of us. At last they began to eat us.

Slowly Dave licked away the whipped cream. He had to press his tongue against
my skin to lick the chocolate off. He avoided the inside of my slit, cleaning
off only the outside. I wanted him to tongue my clit and hole so much, I pushed
my cunt up at his tongue, but he held me back. He switch to licking my tiny
tits clean. He sucked at each nipple until it was hard and sensitive. He moved
back to my cunt and pulled my lips open with his thumbs. The now softened
banana peeked out, and I instinctively squeezed it, pushing out toward Dave's
mouth. He put his tongue against it and pushed it back in. Then he let up and I
pushed it out, then he pushed it in, and we fucked my cunt with that banana
until I was ready to cum. Dave started eating the banana as I pushed it out.

When He had eaten all of it, he pressed his mouth to my cunt and pushed his
tongue into my hot juicy hole. His wiggling tongue drove me over the edge and I
flooded his mouth with cum. I squeezed my legs to hold his head in place until
I finished creaming. When I relaxed I saw Cathy writhing in pleasure as Jim
finished tonguing her. When he finished Dave told him that I had squeezed his
head with my legs. Jim said that Cathy had also gotten a little carried away
with her orgasm. He suggested that we be trained to cum without hurting our
partners. Dave agreed and ordered me to turn over on the couch. I knelt down on
the floor, bent over the couch seat. Jim had Cathy join me. Dave knelt behind
me, pushed my legs apart and inserted his cock into my waiting hole. With one
push he buried his cock into me. Jim did the same to Cathy and they began a
slow rhythmic fuck. Dave fucked in and out until I was again on the edge of
orgasm. He pushed all the way in and held me until Jim got Cathy to the same
state of pleasure. They pulled out, slapped our tails, and switched places.

Quickly Jim took his position deep in my cunt and they continued their steady
driving fuck. In a very short time a shattering orgasm shook me. Jim kept his
even pace during my orgasm. When I was finished, he pushed in and held me,
reaching under me to cup my titties. We stayed that way until Dave had finished
Cathy. Here we were, two freshly fucked cunts, stuffed full of hard cocks that
hadn't cum yet. When Cathy had rested, the boys pulled out and pushed us down
onto the floor, my head toward Cathy's cunt. The boys came down behind us. Dave
lifted Cathy's leg, Jim lifted mine, and we dove into each other's hot slit
cunt. Cathy was so hot and sweet and creamy, I licked at her lips and clit and
drove my tongue into her hole. Cathy vigorously returned the favor and my
pleasure increased. A gentle pressure against my asshole indicated that one of
the boys was about to take my tail for his pleasure. I didn't care which guy it
was, they are both great fuckers and I wanted to be fucked. I loosened my ass
muscles as that cock entered and sunk into my tail. A hand pushed my head away
from Cathy's cunt enough to let a cock push its way into Cathy's rectum. I
planted my mouth on her clit and sucked. I sucked and nibbled at her passion
button. I wanted her to cum with that cock up her tail. Cathy beat me to it. By
sucking on my clit she made me cum first. Again I squeezed my legs to hold her,
not as hard as I did for Jim, but still she didn't pull away. I sucked at
Cathy's clit again and again until she came. Her juices flowed and the sweet
scent and taste of her cream filled my mind. The boys pushed us tighter
together and fucked our asses until they came. When both boys had shot a load
of cum into a hot ass, they pulled out and let Cathy and I lay there cuddling
against each other's cunt for a while. They went and cleaned up. When they came
back, they pulled us apart and Dave said that I needed more training in how to
cum without squeezing the person making me cum. Jim agreed and they took Cathy
away. They took her into my bedroom and strapped my 10 inch dildo onto her.

This dildo has a strap that goes around the girl's waist, threading through a
strap that goes down through her crotch and up her ass. This crotch strap has
an extension of the dildo on the inside. It is an arm ending in a marble sized
ball. This ball fits just inside the girls cunt hole. It moves in and out of
her hole and the arm rubs her clit back and forth when the girl fix the dildo
in and out of someone else. It makes sure that the fucker gets an orgasm as
well as the fuckee.

This time Cathy was the fucker and I was the fuckee. Not the way I had wanted 
it when I packed the dildo but I was ready for any kind of orgasm tonight. The
boys knelt down on each side of me. They pulled my arms over my head and held
them there. Then they pulled my legs up and open, exposing my shaved, licked,
fucked and horny cunt to Cathy and that 10 inches of fake cock. They told her
to kneel down and stuff that dildo into my hole. She got down and put the head
of the dildo between my wet lips. She slowly pushed the dildo into me. Slowly,
steady pushing filled me with that dildo. When she got it all the way in, she
tangled one of her tits by my mouth and I licked and sucked at it, until she
pulled away. Cathy moved her other tit to me and got it sucked as well. Jim
slapped her on the ass and told her to give me a really good fucking. She
pulled back and slammed into me. She began a hard pounding fuck. The hard
thrusts quickly raised me to a plateau of pleasure that felt great. She
occasionally pushed a tit to my face but pulled it back before I could suck on
it. This fuck was going to take a long time. After cumming a few times, I get
to the point where further sex gets me to this pleasure plateau but orgasm
takes longer and they tend to become less intense and recovery takes even
longer. Cathy kept pounding at my open cunt. Because the boys were holding my
arms and legs, I couldn't do much to speed up my orgasm. Cathy pounded at my
cunt. We were covered with sweat. I couldn't do anything but take the fuck what
ever way they wanted to give it to me. Cathy jammed that dildo into me and
bobbed up and down to force the little ball to finish her orgasm. Cathy
collapsed on top of me. When she recovered, Dave switched places with her. When
Cathy had pulled my leg open to match Jim's hold on me, Dave jammed his cock
into me and repeated Cathy's pounding fuck. I don't remember if I came or not,
but the pleasure of the fuck kept me in ecstasy. He pounded and pounded and
eventually he shot into me. Dave and Jim switched places and Jim continued the
pound fuck that Cathy had started. By the time Jim shot his load, I was
completely exhausted. So completely exhausted that I fell asleep on the floor
while the three of them washed and dried me. Dave carried me into our bedroom
and they put me to bed. Cathy told me later that all three fondled me and
kissed each sex organ good night. The boys took Cathy back into the living room
and Dave gave her a licking and then Jim gave her a licking and then they went
to bed. Dave coming into bed with me.

Tuesday was a repeat of Monday except that we didn't need to be shaved and
Cathy and I switched roles. In the shower after we got home from the beach,
Cathy licked me to orgasm and then I licked her to the edge of cumming and
stopped, and then I repeated that two more times until Cathy was ever so ready
to fuck, or suck or get fingered or whatever so she could cum. After dinner and
wine, the boys made us into sundaes again. I came really long and hard when Jim
ate that banana out of my cunt. When they put us onto the floor, Cathy and I
dove into each other's hot sweet cunts. This time when a cock started to poke
into Cathy's ass, I looked up to see that it was Jim. Last night it must have
been Jim in my ass and Dave in Cathy's. Cathy and I traded licks and sucks and
orgasms until the boys shot their cum into our tails. They left us there while
they went to clean up and get more drinks. Cathy pulled me on top of her and
continued licking my slit even when Dave's cum started oozing out of my
asshole, down my slit and onto her tongue. When Jim's cum was oozing out of her
ass, I stroked her ass crack with my fingers, bringing his cum into my mouth. I
even inserted a finger into her slick asshole to get the cum out of her. Her
ass certainly loosened up a lot since her anal deflowering last winter. The
boys came back with drinks and told us it was my turn to fuck Cathy. They send
me into the bedroom to get the strap-on dildo while they spread Cathy out for
her fucking. In the bedroom I unscrewed the dildo and inserted two batteries.

The boys apparently didn't know that this thing is a vibrator as well as an
artificial cock. I went back into the living room and saw Cathy beautiful pink
cunt, slick with her juice and my saliva, ready and willing to be fucked. I
walked over to them, knelt down in front of Cathy and quickly pressed the
vibrator against her clit and cunt hole while I leaned forward to kiss each
nipple. The vibrations startled her and she gasped and the boys laughed when
they realized that the dildo was now a vibrator and the Cathy was about to
receive a first class fucking. I leaned back and reached down to point the
vibrating head into her hole. She smiled at me and I plunged its length into
her filling her hole with the hard vibrating shaft. I held it deep inside her
forcing her to accept the pleasure of the vibrations. She squeezed her cunt
muscles around the rod and tried to hold it in when I pulled back. I slammed
into again and began a hard pounding fuck, as hard and pounding and as
completely satisfying as the one she gave me the night before. The hard
pounding strokes quickly built up her pleasure, then I switched to long slow
deep strokes to keep her on that high plateau of pleasure. The vibrations
working back through that little ball brought me to the same pleasure plateau.

I decided to try for a combined orgasm, hers and mine at the same time. I
increased the speed of my strokes in her hot cunt until I knew she was on the
verge of orgasm. I rammed that vibrator deep into her and sat back. This pushed
the little ball a little deeper into my hole but more important it pushed the
vibrator up against the roof of Cathy's vagina. The vibration quickly drove us
both over the edge and we shuttered and moaned and came. I collapsed on top of
Cathy. The boys released her and we hugged for the remainder of our mutual
orgasm. When Jim decided we had had enough, he pulled me off of her and we
swapped places. Dave and I pulled her legs open and held her arms and legs so
Jim could continue the thorough fucking Cathy was to receive. He pounded in and
out of her hot well-fucked cunt until he shot a load deep into that love hole.

I was not given time to turn off the vibrator that was strapped on my mound so
I was being drive to a long slow growing orgasm. I am fairly certain that Cathy
came at least once with Jim but she doesn't remember much more than reaching
that level of pleasure and staying there. Then Jim and Dave switched places and
Dave continued the fuck until he came. The vibrator had me so sexually aroused
that the boys had me get back into Cathy's cunt. This time she was allowed to
follow her sexual instincts and wrap her arms and legs around me while I tried
to cum one more time. The boys went to get some wet washcloths and towels. When
they returned, I had had my orgasm and Cathy and I were still cuddled together
with the vibrator buzzing away at our cunts. The boys helped me up and out of
the straps. We gently washed and dried our sleeping sex partner. The boys
lifted her up and carried her to their bedroom and we put her to bed, again
each of us kissing her mouth, her nipples and her freshly (thoroughly) fucked
cunt. The boys and I went back into the living room. I was told to sit on the
couch. Jim knelt down between my legs. He lifted them up and spread them and
gave me a slow gentle licking, cleaning off my outer lips then proceeding to
the inner lips. He repeatedly licked from my asshole up across my cunt hole
around my clit and back down. He did this for a few minutes, then he got up,
kissed me on the lips and the nipples, said good night and went to bed. Dave
took his place and repeated the long slow licks, but intermingled a few clit
sucks. My pleasure built but I didn't cum. It would have taken hours to cum but
the pleasure was there anyway. He stood up and led me to bed. We cuddled and
kissed and had a great restful night's sleep.

Wednesday turned out to be a very anally oriented day. Again there was the
breakfast licking that they gave us, but when they took us to the bathroom for
our shower, we were told that they would only be fucking our asses today. We
were taken into the shower by Jim. He turned on the water and we washed him all
over. Then they washed me. Jim paid special attention to my ass. Then he and I
washed Cathy, again his attention was on her ass. Then Jim turned off the
water. He had me at one end of the tub, he was at the other end and Cathy was
between us. He instructed Cathy to face the wall and bend over a bit, sticking
her ass out at Dave, who was watching us. She took her position and Dave handed
be a liquid soap container and told me to soap up Cathy's ass REAL good. I
pumped a stream of soap at the top of her ass crack and watched it ooze down to
her asshole. I put my finger just under her hole and when the soap arrived, I
began to massage her pucker. Using the soap as lubrication I worked my finger
into her hot tail. She squirmed a bit but not in pain. I pulled my finger out,
applied more liquid soap and continued exploring her rectum. The more I worked
on her hole the soapier and slicker she got, the easier it was to pump her
without causing pain or discomfort. Jim told me to use two fingers with a
generous coat of soap. I did and slowly worked two fingers into her until she
had loosened up to take them without pain. Finally Jim stopped me and had Cathy
bend over to touch the bottom of the tub. This opened her ass a bit more and
gave it a near vertical angle. Jim put his thumbs on each side of her asshole,
squeezed his fingers into her ass cheeks and pulled her asshole open. Dave told
me to pump some more soap into Cathy's open rectum. When I did, Jim had Cathy
stand up and face away from Jim. Dave had me sit down on the side of the tub.

Cathy was instructed to bend over and lean on the wall in front of her. This
put her big fleshy tits dangling in front of me. Jim pulled her cheeks and
pushed his cockhead into her slick tail. He asked her what she wanted now.
Cathy said she wanted to get her ass fucked. Jim easily slid his rod deep into
her soapy cavern. He told me that I could play with her tits or her cunt,
anything I wanted, except her ass, that he would take care of that. Then he
began a slow deep fucking rhythm. I reached out and took her tits in my hands
and squeezed and pulled at them the way a farmer would milk a cow's tits (sorry
for the analogy, comparing Cathy to a cow isn't nice, but I spent some time on
a farm when I was young and milking a cow was one of the things I did there and
that was the same thing I was now doing to Cathy's tits, my only regret is that
she didn't have any milk in them for me to squeeze out). After a bit I moved
one hand down to her cunt and my finger found her soapy slick crack and slipped
inside. I rubbed her clit around a bit causing her to start moaning. Then I
moved my fingertip down to her cunt hole and in, in deep and easy. She was very
slick first from her own juices and then from the soap oozing down from her
asshole. A pinch on her clittie triggered her first orgasm. After she calmed
down a bit I resumed the tit squeezes and cunt fingering until Cathy had a
second orgasm and until Jim pulled her onto his cock and held her while his hot
load of cum was spewing up her tail. When he recovered he slipped out of her
tail and Dave inserted a butt plug before much of Jim's cum got out.

Now we switched places, Jim got out, Dave got in and I was put in the middle.
We washed Dave all over, I took the low spots and Cathy took the high ones.
Then they washed me again. Then I was told to get into position and Cathy began
to soap up my ass. Just her finger action in my ass got me halfway to orgasm.
Then Dave had me bend over and slipped his head into my ass. He asked me what I
wanted and I told him I wanted the best ass fuck he could give. His response
was a quick deep plunge into my slick asshole. Cathy wasted no time and began
to tweek my nipples and finger my cunt. Her loving strokes to my clit and
Dave's equally loving but more filling strokes in my ass quickly brought me to
orgasm. Cathy decided to tweak my clit after I started cumming and that
extended and intensified my orgasm. I was in a daze of pleasure after that. I
don't know how long I was getting fucked or exactly what Cathy was doing to my
nipples and cunt, but it felt great and I came again. This one was longer and
broader and beautiful. Just near the end, Dave slipped his hands underneath me,
cupped my titties in his hands, lifted my chest up, pushed as deep into my tail
as possible and shot his load. We were both weak when he finished and Cathy had
to hold me up until Jim could get the butt plug inserted into me. Then they sat
me down and let me recover. Cathy was given a bottle of prepared douche and
told to clean the soap out of her cunt. It was a pleasure sitting at one end of
the tub, freshly fucked, watching Cathy spread her legs, spread her sexy
hairless cunt lips and flush out one of her pleasure holes. When Cathy was
finished, I was given a bottle and told to clean myself out. I did, giving
Cathy and Jim and Dave as good a cunt show as I could. When I was finished, we
were placed to receive our daily enemas. The boys hung up the enema bags,
pulled out our butt plugs, inserted the nozzles and filled our tails with a hot
soapy enema. A second enema was hot but clear water and a third was warm clear
water to finish flushing out our asses. Cathy and I were allowed to shower and
when we went into the living room we were the cleanliest ladies on the beach
(tits,cunts, and asses, but definitely not clean minded). In the living room
the boys presented us with some new toys. We each received two sets of Ben-wa
balls. One silver and one gold colored. The boys told us that the gold ones
were for our cunts and the silver were for our asses. We were told to lay on
the couch at opposite end, with our legs in the middle and up in the air. Dave
inserted a set of gold balls into my cleaned out cunt while Jim did the same to
Cathy. Then Jim inserted the silver balls into my ass while Dave did Cathy.

Finally we were dressed in our bathing suits and taken down to the beach.
Those balls stuffed into our cunts and asses kept moving around, keeping us
very aroused. Even when we laid absolutely still, they still had us excited.
Cathy and I needed to cum, to get push this pleasure further to climax. We
tried walking and jogging. Nothing we could do in public would get us to
orgasm. Then Cathy suggested that we go into the water and masturbate out
there. Jim told her that if we went into the water, they would come with us,
strip us, fuck us and leave us out there without suits, to walk home naked,
shaved, and freshly fucked. We decided not to go into the water to masturbate.

Finally at lunchtime, the boys took us back to the house. They brought us
around back. They told us to stand in the middle of the yard and strip. When we
were naked, Dave turned on the hose and sprayed us, concentrating on our hot
horny cunts. They told us to shower. We were allowed to remove the balls from
our cunts and asses, but we were told not to finger, or lick our cunts. They
still did not want us to cum. Cathy and I showered, sucking on each others
tits, but obeying the boys and not playing with our cunts. When we went into
the house, the boys told us that they had called for pizza and that it would be
there very soon. The boys positioned us on the couch. We were placed so that
our shoulders were on the bottom and our asses against the back, with our legs
up in the air. They had us spread our legs to show off our hot, clean cunts and
asses. The doorbell rang and Dave opened the door. He invited the delivery boy
in to get paid. He was young, about 16 or 17 and he was very surprised at
seeing Cathy and I on display like that. Dave told us to masturbate for our
guest while he went to get his money. After an entire morning with Ben-wa balls
in us, not being allowed to cum, Cathy and I did not need any more instruction
or encouragement, even with a total stranger there to watch. Our fingers
plunged into our cunts, two from one hand into my hole, two from the other hand
to rub my clit. In a matter of moments I was cumming. Cathy's legs thrashing
around indicated that her orgasm was at hand as well. When we were satisfied
(temporarily), the delivery boy was asked if he would like to taste our creamy
cunts. He said yes and was allowed five licks at each of us. That wasn't enough
to make us cum again, but his cock was standing at attention when he left. We
were taken off the couch and we had our lunch. I will never be able to look at
another pizza without thinking of the smile on that boy's face when he had
licked us. After lunch, the boys asked us if we were comfortable at the beach
that morning. We explained about the constant arousal and our wanting to cum.

They suggested that the extreme heat of the afternoon might make things even
hotter to handle. They decided to try to compensate for the heat. We were taken
into the bathroom and put down in position for another enema. This time Jim
brought a bowl of crushed ice with him. They prepared two enema bags, each
contained a handful of crushed ice and cold tap water. They bags were sealed
and given to us, so that we could make sure there was no ice unmelted before
they filled out asses with the ice cold water. This rush of cold water was
unlike any enema I have had. It filled, it chilled, it made my nipples get very
tight and pointed. Cathy and I were shivering from the unusual sensations. The
boys lifted up our chests and with each hand rubbed an ice cube around our
nipples. After a few circles on our nips, the ice cubes were put down to our
clits. The chill amplified the tingling in our tails. When the ice had melted,
Cathy and I were very eager to fuck, but definitely were not hot and sweaty
like the boys. We were allowed to let the cold water out and clean each other
up. When we got back to the living room, the boys had us take kneeling
positions on the couch, leaning over the back. They poured some lubricating oil
(sexy kind) onto our asses and rubbed it into all the nooks and crannies. Then
Jim grabbed my waist and slid his cock into my chilled but slick and willing
asshole. I turned back to watch Dave slide effortlessly into Cathy's butt. They
fucked our tails slowly, gently, warming up our clean cool tunnels with each
stroke. We were not allowed to play with ourselves so neither Cathy nor I were
able to cum before the boys left their latest loads in us. They pulled out and
told us to stay there while they got something from the kitchen. They brought
back two bowls. The bowls had been in the freezer all during lunch. They
contained the oil the boys had lubed our tails with and our Ben-wa balls. The
balls were now quite cold, but slick, too slick to stick to anything. The balls
were put into the designated sex receptacles, and we were allowed to put our
suits back on. The afternoon on the beach was even more sexually frustrating
for Cathy and I than the morning was. We wanted to cum, so much, so badly. The
balls did not retain their coolness very long under that hot sun, but they
certainly were slick enough to move around inside us.

At dinner time, we went back to the house. Cathy and I were instructed to strip
down in the backyard, extract the Ben-wa balls, shower, wash each other and
then come inside the house. We were strictly forbidden to make ourselves or
each other cum. When we got inside we found the boys getting dinner ready. We
were told to just go into the living room and sit down (again we were told not
to play with ourselves). The boys brought in platters of hamburgers and fixings
and chips and beer. When we all had finished, the boys had us stand up. They
moved to particular seats that were good for watching the television. Dave had
me bend over in front of him and he applied a generous coat of butter to my
asshole, gently but thoroughly poking it into me. Jim did the same thing to
Cathy. Then Dave held my waist and guided me onto his lap. He had me put one
hand between my legs to hold his cock and aim it into my asshole. When I had
impaled myself on his hard cock, he pulled me down snug and then back to lie
against his chest. When Cathy was in the same position, Jim picked up the
remote control for the TV and VCR and turned them on. The video tape was a
special one they had found. It was all about a pair of college girls who
majoring in ass fucking. Every other scene was one or both of these girls with
a thick cock up their ass. And Cathy and I watched with our own lovers buried
in our tails. After about 30 minutes Cathy and I were so hot, and so eager to
cum, the boys let us finger ourselves, still sitting on their cocks. We were
allowed to cum three times before the movie ended. We were hot, with tender
ciltties from the fierce rubbing we gave ourselves and still very eager to
satisfy the cocks that were filling our asses. The last scene in the movie was
an orgy where the girls were placed mouth to cunt and told to lick each other
(their first time supposedly) while a dozen or so guys took turns fucking their
asses. During this very hot scene, Cathy and I were not allowed to play with
our clits or finger our holes. The two girls in the movie out fucked all the
guys and were still so horny that they fell back into each others arms and kept
eating each other during the closing credits. Jim shut off the TV and VCR and
we were told to stand up. The boys cleared to table and moved it out of the
way. We were laid down on the floor in a sixty nine position on our sides, but
were told not to start anything. Dave laid down behind me and slipped into my
ass again. Jim laid down and slipped into Cathy. Now we were told that we could
start licking each other and the boys would start fucking us, and no one was to
stop until they were totally exhausted. I figured that after three finger
fucks, Cathy and I would not last as long as the boys, who had shown remarkable
sexual patience. The slickness that had been delivered to our tails all day
long had not yet dissipated and we were able to take the ass fucking for a very
long time. My tongue and jar got tired before my cunt and ass did. The boys
switched asses after each orgasm, but after the third one, both cocks were just
a little too limp to continue. Cathy and I worked up enough energy to spend
licking each other a bit after the boys gave up, just to show them we were just
as good at fucking as the girls in the movie. When we went to bed, I fell
asleep on Dave's chest rather than cuddled up like spoons, which is our normal
position (my ass was a bit warm).

On Thursday, we were told that we could please each other as much as we wanted
to. Thursday would be our lesbian day. At breakfast, we gave the boys a good
sucking before we climbed onto the table. Cathy and I kissed, trading cum from
our lovers, while they sweetened our cunts with the maple syrup. After we
swallowed the boys cum, we laid down in a familiar 69 position(me on top) and
we licked at each other's hot sweet cunt until we had both had a very
pleasurable orgasm. We were taken to the bathroom and Cathy and I washed up
thoroughly while the boys watched. We purposely spent a lot of time soaping up
tits and cunts and asses. Cathy asked the boys to hold my ass cheeks open so
she could soap my asshole very completely. I had to do the same to her, and I
took it a step further and filled her ass from a prepared enema bag. I plugged
her ass and then had the boys hold her spread-eagle against the wall while I
applied another soapy coat to her tits and cunt (giving her one more good
orgasm). She enjoyed filling my ass with the enema and then when I was held
spread-eagle Cathy used a dildo to make my cunt cum. The boys helped us trade
two more enemas before Cathy and I rinsed off and got ready for the beach. At
mid-morning, Cathy suggested we go into the water. In the water, Cathy and I
inserted the Ben-Wa balls into each other and we giggled all the way back to
the blankets. The boys kept us very hot by having Cathy and I recall every
lesbian activity we had done starting with the ski trip.

We stayed late at the beach, because it was going to get cloudy that afternoon
and the boys said Cathy and I could go shopping instead of returning to the
beach. Lunch time was very simple, strip in the backyard (the boy next door was
watching today), a shower (we were allowed to cream each other as much as we
wanted) and then lunch. After lunch, Cathy and I put the balls back into our
cunts and went shopping. At each store where we tried on clothes, we went into
the same changing booth and played with each other. At one place (a bikini
shop) the store clerk got upset with our giggling and asked us to stop. Cathy
grabbed her, pulling her into the booth with us and held her while I removed
the bitch's top. She had bigger, firmer tits than I had played with in a long
time and I just had to squeeze them. I stripped off her bottoms and then held
her for Cathy to play with a bit. Cathy gave her enough of a fingering to get
her moaning but not enough to make her cum. We left her, stripped naked and
halfway to orgasm in the changing room. We dropped her bikini at the cash
register.

Dinner time included another porno movie. This one entirely about lesbian sex.
The boys kept our cunts busy with little silver bullet shaped vibrators. They
kept the remote controls and adjusted the intensity at their pleasure. After
the movie, the boys knew we had very hot eager cunts and they let us eat each
other for as long as we wanted. Much later (Cathy and I really like eating each
other's cunt), the boys made ice cream sundaes and brought them to us. After
desert, Dave brought out my strap-on dildo and helped me get ready to fuck
Cathy the way Jim would. Cathy asked if Jim could join this fuck and I
suggested that she sit her ass on his cock and then I would complete the sex
sandwich by fucking her cunt. Cathy got very noisy during that fuck, so I
squeezed her nipples with each stroke to punish her. She really got louder and
came more intensely. We rested and watched another movie, about twin sisters
finding their mother's collection of dildos and using them on each other. It
was a short movie, only about 30 minutes but at the end I was hot and ready to
get my sandwich fuck. I sat into Dave's cock while Jim strapped the dildo into
and onto Cathy. She took a lot of pleasure in feeding me her sexy tits before
she plunged that fake cock into my willing cunt. I squeezed and sucked on her
tits while she pumped in and out of me until I had cum. She rested a bit,
gently rubbing her tits against my face before she returned to her steady paced
fucking until she reached her orgasm. When we were ready for bed, Dave inserted
my bullet vibrator into my ass and Jim did the same to Cathy. Jim gave me her
control and Dave gave mine to Cathy, who promptly turned it up all the way. The
boys patted our asses and gave us good night kisses before sending us off to
one bedroom to spend the night in the glow of lesbian lust.

Friday was our last full day at the beach, but the morning was very foggy. Very
warm still fog covered everything. It was difficult to even see the house
across the street. The four of us had a very leisurely breakfast, knowing that
there was no hurry to get to the beach and sun. After we had all eaten regular
breakfast, Jim sat up on the table and told Cathy and I that we could have some
desert now. Cathy took the maple syrup and pour it over his erect cock and
tight balls. We both dove for his cock and proceeded to lick and suck him
clean. We took turns sucking on his cockhead and licking his balls until he was
ready to cum. At that point Cathy sucked his cockhead into her mouth and
refused to surrender it. So I conceded and continued licking Jim's balls until
he shot his load into Cathy's mouth. She sucked and sucked until his cock
stopped its pulsating. I knew that Cathy now had a mouthful of tasty cum. She
stood up and pulled me up to her. She clamped her mouth on mine and drove her
tongue between my lips. I opened my mouth in response to her domineering
approach and was rewarded with her tongue pushing Jim's cum into my mouth. We
pushed and sucked his cum back and forth until we each had an equal share and
then we swallowed it and broke out giggling. Abrupt slaps to our ass cheeks
reminded us that Dave had not yet had his morning sucking. With him in position
I poured chocolate syrup all over his cock and balls. Cathy and I licked and
sucked (me doing more sucking and Cathy doing more licking) until Dave shot his
load into my mouth. It came suddenly and I almost lost it, but only a little
dribbled out. I stood up and Cathy quickly licked the dribble off my cheek and
then I repeated her cum sharing giggles and all.

Our morning showering started with Cathy and I getting our cunts shaved clean
for the last time of our vacation. The boys made sure that our cunts were hot,
wet and loose with almost continuous fingering during the shaving process. We
were instructed to bend over the edge of the tub and again we took a hot soapy
enema into your tails. This time the boys plugged up our asses with the hot
enema inside. The boys handed us the shaving brushes and razors and said that
we could shave them now. Grins broke on our faces at the thought of having a
hairless cock and balls to play with. Cathy and I set to our work and soon,
Dave and Jim had no pubic hair near their erect cocks. The boys unplugged our
tails and flushed us out with two more loads of water before taking us into the
living room. Cathy and I were placed in the center of the room facing each
other. We were instructed to bend over until our heads were resting on the
other's shoulder and our tits were dangling down (at least Cathy's were). The
boys spread our legs and applied a coat of lubricant to the full length of our
slits (from asshole to clit and back). They slowly pushed the silver bullet
vibrators into our hot, clean assholes and turned them on high. Then Dave
nuzzled his smooth hairless cock against my smooth hairless cunt and pumped up
and down my crack. I could see Jim behind Cathy doing the same to her slick
crotch. Dave slowly pointed his cockhead at my cunt and worked just the head
into my hot hole. When Jim got into position, we were asked what we wanted and
both Cathy and I responded by begging for a good fucking. We wanted to get it,
they wanted to give it and so they plunged deep into our slick cunts and
pounded and pounded until Cathy and I came. The boys switched cunts and with
just their cockheads in our pleasure tunnels, we were again asked what we
wanted. This time we begged for them to fuck us until they came inside of us.
They plunged in and pounded away, giving Cathy and I each, a great second
orgasm and a load of cum in our cunts.

Later that morning, we decided to walk down to the beach. There was still a pea
soup thick fog. Cathy and I wore the white halter dresses. They are made from
the sweatsuit type of cloth only thinner and clingier. Of course, neither Cathy
nor I wore bra or panties, just the dress. While we were walking along the
deserted beach, Cathy suggested that she and I go into the water and have some
fun with each other. We waded into the strangely calm water and found it warmer
than earlier in week. We also found out that it was low tide and we could walk
out about 50 feet and be standing on a sand bar with the water up to my
titties. We could just barely see the lifeguard chair on the beach and decided
to stop there. Since there was very little chance of being seen by anyone, I
reached behind Cathy's neck and unbuttoned her halter and brought it down to
expose her gorgeous tits. Her nipples were very hard and erect and a tweak sent
a shiver of pleasure through her. She responded by exposing my tits and
tweaking them and then asking me to suck on her nips. I haven't been able to
resist a pair of titties like hers since college. I lifted up her full fleshy
tits and sucked at one nipple and then the other. Cathy kept busy by lifting up
the hem of my dress and stroking my cunt. I left her nips and kissed her on the
mouth. Our tongue immediately found each other and fought for dominance. Our
hands drove into each other's cunts, probing slits, rubbing clits, and poking
cunt holes. Soon we were each standing on one leg, with the other wrapped
around, and a hand pumping in and out of the other's now open cunt. I had
closed my eyes rather early in our session but now I had to open them as
another set of hands took hold of my waist and a cock pressed against my
asshole. I saw Dave behind Cathy and I knew Jim was behind me and he slowly
pushed into my rectum. I felt Dave's cock push into Cathy's tail and I enhanced
his pleasure by inserting three fingers into her cunt and pumping furiously. My
desire to make them cum was matched only by Cathy and Jim trying to make me
cum. Cathy with three fingers of her own and Jim with his cock sliding in and
out of my willing tail. I can't tell which of us had the best orgasm, but Cathy
and I surrendered to our pleasure and collapsed into each other's arms. The
boys had to hold us up until we recovered. Unfortunately the boys could not
keep their cocks erect after a good ass fuck out in the Atlantic Ocean (if they
had been able to, Cathy and I would have switched partners and taken another
ass fucking). We buttoned our halters and went back to the beach. We walked
some more, with our wet dresses sticking to us and showing off every curve and
crevice, and our asses leaking cum.

At lunch time we were on the main street near the neighborhood burger place. We
took some money from the boys and sent them on to the house while Cathy and I
bought lunch. Inside there were only two customers, a guy and a girl from the
beach badge patrol. She was a very-well endowed blonde who looked like her
bikini was painted on. Cathy and I could have had a lot of fun turning her into
a lesbian, but today it was her partner that occupied our lusty thoughts. We
had not seen him at all that week. He was built like the guys in the body
building machine commercials. We drooled the moment we saw him. After we put in
our order, Cathy and I went to the restroom. It was down a small corridor that
was right in line with Mr. Hunk. He could see us at the end of the corridor but
no one else could. Cathy was so hot for this guy that she let me get behind
her, unbutton her dress and lower the front to show him her tits. She cupped
them in her hands, sort of offering them to him. He smiled and tried to keep up
his conversation with the blonde. When I saw that he wasn't too flustered, I
reached around Cathy and slowly pulled up the hem until her hairless cunt was
exposed for his view. She spread her legs and I stroked her slit and eventually
poked my finger up her hole. After a little pumping I pulled it out and brought
it to my mouth and licked it clean. That interrupted his conversation a bit but
not too much. I instructed Cathy to turn her back to him and bend over. I
pulled up her dress so that when she was all the way over, everything was
exposed, tits, cunt and asshole. I probed her cunt to show how wet she was and
then when my finger was covered with her juice, I moved up to her asshole and
slowly pushed into her willing rectum. That caused him to swallow his soda the
wrong way and the blonde got her bikini soaked with the rest of his drink.
Cathy quickly straightened out her dress and we picked up lunch and were out of
the place while Mr. Hunk, was trying to clean off Ms. Bimbo and hide a raging
hard-on at the same time. Cathy and I giggled about it all the way home. (When
Dave and Jim read this, it will be the first time they know what we were
giggling about for the rest of the afternoon.)

The boys had the VCR set up and loaded with a porno movie when we got back to
the house. We ate lunch watching sex on the TV and then spent all afternoon
drinking wine, watching sex, critiquing the positions and quality of the sex
shows, and stroking and sucking the boys through several orgasms. After
watching a movie about two roommates swapping sex stories that ended with the
two girls 69'ing on the edge of the hot tub, Cathy and I cuddled up on the rug
and ate each other while the boys compared our technique with the movie's. We,
of course, were better. At dinner time we went outside (it had cleared very
nicely) and the boys started a barbecue while Cathy and I showered in the
outside shower. We were told not to make ourselves cum. In a bit, Jim came in
and had us wash him and then suck him until he was erect. Then he left and Dave
came in to get washed and sucked. But he too left when we got him erect. We
were instructed to wash each others cunt and ass one more time and then come
out for dinner. When we came out, the boys had put their swimsuits on and the
steaks were almost ready. Dave instructed us to bend over the railing of the
deck and spread our legs. This would give the boy next door a great view of our
asses. The boys began spanking us, gently but firmly warming our butts and
juicing our cunts. When our tails were bright pink and tender and our cunts wet
and horny, we were sent inside to finish preparing dinner. After dinner, we
began preparing to leave, packing up clothes, beach stuff, etc. We drank a lot
of wine and were feeling no pain. Then the boys said we needed one more enema
before that stuff got packed away. We were taken into the bathroom and put into
position and received one more hot soapy enema. They inserted butt plugs into
us and had us wait until they had packed up the VCR and television. When they
came back, they pulled out our plugs and let us empty out. Then Jim sat on the
toilet and had Cathy lay across his lap. Dave handed him a syringe (not a drug-
type needle, but more like a turkey baster, except a bit thinner tip) that he
had filled with mineral oil (a very good anal lubricant). Jim inserted the tip
into Cathy's lovely rectum and squeezed the oil into her. He gave her two loads
of oil and then used his finger to probe her hole and stretch her sphincter
muscle. When he finished he had a finger from each hand, stretching her asshole
open. Then he let her empty out the oil and suck on his rigid cock at the same
time. He did not let her suck him off yet, then I was put through the same lube
job. Dave is very gentle with my ass, and even stretching me wide open, he was
gentle and loving and I almost came from his probing, and I tried hard to make
him cum in my mouth while the oil oozed out of my ass. I didn't get him off and
Cathy and I cleaned up and followed the boys back into the living room. The
boys got some blankets, a bottle of wine and tossed us our halter dresses. We
put them on and we all went down to the beach at 10:00 PM at night. We found a
quiet spot at the base of a large set of dunes that masked an expensive cluster
of empty houses from the sight and sound of the surf. It was still a calm
softly rolling sea and there seemed to be no one else on the beach. We laid out
the blankets and cuddle up between them. Cathy and I in the middle, Dave cuddle
up against my ass and Jim against Cathy's tail. We drank some more wine and
fondle what ever sex organ we could reach. Cathy and I were quickly relieved of
our dresses and the boys just as quickly had very hard cocks. As we got more
involved with our sex play, we got less concerned with being seen. Eventually,
Cathy and I were put on our hands and knees next to each other with my head at
Cathy's ass and Cathy getting a good view of mine. The boys positioned their
cocks at our assholes and slowly pushed in. We offered no resistance. My ass
was slick and smooth and more willing to take Dave's cock than ever. The boys
began a slow steady deep fucking motion. This was going to be a very long sexy
fuck and they wanted to enjoy every inch of it. After two dozen strokes or so,
the boys pulled out and switch partners, and Jim inserted his cock and resumed
the slow steady screwing. The boys swapped again after more strokes and then
swapped again and again. Cathy and I eventually lowered ourselves to the
blankets, our asses still high in the air, but our tits on the blankets and our
hands in our cunts. I finger-fucked my hot wet hole and rubbed my clittie to
two orgasms. I didn't know who was fucking my tail at what time and I really
didn't care. Both boys were giving us a great ass fuck and getting as much
pleasure from our tails as they were giving. Near the end, the boys turned us
on our sides, and nuzzled us up against each others creamy cunts. The boys
emptied their cocks into our oily assholes while Cathy and I licked clitties
and lapped cum from slick cunt holes. We fell asleep cuddled up in the enlarged
69 position. We were only awaked by two drunks yelling at the police a few
hours later. We quickly got dressed and were encouraged to hurry home by the
officers. We got home and kissed and fondled each other good-night before
slipping into our respective beds.

I woke up Saturday morning with Dave slipping into my still slick ass. He had
turned me face down on the bed, spread my legs and had inserted the silver
bullet vibrator into my cunt. His cock sliding through my backdoor finally
roused me and then growing vibrations in my cunt increased my attention. Dave
wasn't embedded in my ass as deeply as when my hips are raised up, but he was
enjoying it and so was I. After two wakening orgasms in my cunt, Dave's cock
shot what he could into my tail. Dave and I got up and went out to the
bathroom. Cathy and Jim were already awake and beginning on breakfast. Dave and
I took a shower, our first shower together all week. It was a warm loving
shower, I washed him, he washed me, and we made sure we were clean and well-
loved before we went to get some breakfast. We ate breakfast while Cathy and
Jim took their shower. When we were all fed and washed, we finished cleaning up
the house and packing to leave. We all stayed completely naked until everything
was packed and ready to put into the cars. The boys put on their swimsuits to
load up the cars, and Cathy and I retired to a bedroom for one last cunt
licking session. We licked and sucked and fingered until we had both cum and
then the boys had to separate us while we were trying to lick the cum out of
each other. We knelt down in front of our respective boyfriends, pulled down
their suits and sucked and licked their cocks to a full erection and then we
had them switch places and I sucked Jim's last load of cum into my mouth. When
I was finished I turned to Cathy (who had Dave's last load in her mouth) and we
kissed, sharing one last sex act, sharing the boy's cum. We swallowed the
combined cum and finally got dressed, kissed everyone good-bye (fondled what I
could as well) and left with smiles on our faces and tender well-worked sex
organs.
-- 
