This is my letter of confession concerning the unspeakable sins wich I
have participated in.  The same sins wich are now making me question my
position in life as a holy authority in the Catholic Church.  I have no
one to turn to to make my confession, so I will commit it to paper
before the eyes of our holy father, and beg his forgiveness for my
weaknesses.

It all started with the dreams.  The first dream was a shock to me, I
had never thought my mind capable of such imaginings.  My dream was of a
young girl at the school at wich I teach.  She is only thirteen.  Her
age makes all of this seem so evil, yet the beauty of her innocent age,
I believe, is what drew me in, and captivated me.  I saw her for the
first time in the classroom of an associate teacher.  Immediately upon
entering the room I noticed her sitting at her desk, her dark eyes
softly studying mine.  I looked away quickly but was so distracted by
her lovely face I almost forgot the purpose of my having come to the
class.  Wishing to see this young girl again, to see if my memory was
playing tricks on me, I played the role of hall monitor at the end of
the day.  I positioned myself in the hallway a door down from her
classroom and waited.  The bell rang and within a minute out came the
vision I had seen before, only this time I could see her entirely.  She
didn't notice me as she left the room and headed down the hall in the
opposite direction.  I watched her as she walked.  Her hair was a soft
and shiny brown, almost auburn. She was taller than most of her
classmates but probably still only about shoulder hight to me.  She was
wearing the typical uniform of the school, white blouse wich curved
around her firm little breasts, and plaid skirt that showed the gentle
roundness of her butt.  Knee high socks covered well formed calves just
below the smooth bare skin of her thighs.  Her thighs.  Oh my, how they
caught my attention!  I found my heart racing, my mouth dry as a
dessert, and a major problem growing in my pants. That is what started
the dreams.  I couldn't help myself.  That night it started very simply.
I was lying in bed in my underwear and from out of no- where she
appears.  She doesn't say a thing and just starts removing her uniform.
I can feel my penis growing, stiffening, and becoming rock hard as she
kicks off her shoes, pulls off her skirt and stares into my eyes as she
slides off the knee highs.  She is standing in front of me in just her
lily white panties and unbuttoned white blouse.  She is not wearing a
bra underneath and I can see the inside outline of her breasts.  I feel
weak as she crawls onto the bed from the end and up over my legs, coming
closer, staring into my eyes.  I am at a loss, I don't know what to do.
Her head is over my penis wich is obviously stiff as an oak tree
underneath my shorts and she breaks her gaze to look down at it.  With
one hand she begins to rub it, gently.  A shiver runs through my entire
body and still I am afraid to do anything.  She crawls up closer yet
until her face is even with mine and her crotch is directly over my
penis.  The softness of her legs pressing against me fills my mind and I
lose the control I was fighting to maintain. I reach out and place my
hands along the sides of her arms.  I slowly caress her as I move my
hands to her lovely face.  When I run my hands across her shoulders and
neck to finally cup her face, she moves closer.  My breath comes in
short gasps.  Our eyes are locked together and her lips touch mine.
First a simple kiss, and I shiver again at the feel of her lips.  Then
another kiss, this one deeper, then another, deeper yet.  She lowers her
crotch to my penis and the soft heat of it upon me makes me lose
control.  My hands begin roaming across her body in a fit of passion.
Our kisses become flames as our tongues explore each others mouths. I
can feel her pussy as the gyrations become so intense that we become
like animals.  My hands slide along her back to her ass.  Her butt is so
soft and firm.  Suddenly, as so often happens in dreams, there seems to
be shifts, and neither of us are wearing our underwear anymore, although
she still has on her unbuttoned white cotton blouse.  I can feel her
pussy right at the end of my penis. She begins to lower her hole over
it.  She is so unbelievably wet and so damned tight.  It rapidly becomes
obvious to me that this, being my first time, is hers also.  For a
moment her downward movement slows as the tightness grows.  She pushes a
little harder and the movement begins again.  She gasps loudly and I can
see her eyes glaze over.  A second later I'm not seeing a thing.  She
slides down over me, completely engulfing my cock.  I can feel every
inch inside her, all around.  It's really a tight fit and the head of my
dick is touching the upper limits of her pussy.  She is completely
filled.  I am seeing only by touch as my brain is engulfed in the
absolute pleasure I am feeling.  She begins to slide up and down, up,
and, down. Again and again. Each time my entire dick is massaged and I
can feel the pleasure beginning to focus. She is moaning loudly as she
rises and falls upon me.  I have my left hand on her soft butt and my
right is squeazing her breast.  I am gently pinching her rock hard
nipple and I bring my mouth to her other breast.  I suck her nipple into
my mouth and tickle it with my tongue.  Her moans become louder and she
begins riding me with a fury.  My dick is becoming so intensly sensitive
to each thrust, I can feel the begining of the moment of truth starting.
She is out of control and screaming "father fuck me" over and over and
over.  I look into her face as I my body tenses and the world becomes
slow motion.  Her eyes are clamped shut and I see she is on the brink
also. She rises slowly upward, her jaw drops and she pulls in a
tremendous gasp.  Her eyes open and look into mine and all I see is the
wonder that this innocent girl is experiencing as the most blissful
instant of her life begins.  The floodgates open and her gasp becomes a
scream and she begins her downward thrust.  Like a jackhammer my body is
slammed with my own inability to hold back and the cum starts to blast
its way upward.  Her pussy slides over me completely as I begin shooting
deeply into her.  I can feel her body shaking, racked with orgasm, as
she screams out her pleasure.  Her juices flow over me like a flood.
We, for that instant, become one being, a being engulfed in the evil
bliss of human ectasy.  My cum is shooting in massive spasmodic spurts.
The moment is so intense I could easily die.  And then I awake.  My bed
wet with cum, my hair wet with sweat. My desire for the girl burning
within. I have to have her and that is the way it's going to be.

After that first dream I became obsessed.  I made efforts to see her in
the hallways and I followed her, discreetly, whenever the opportunity
provided. I watched every inch of her as she glided down the hallways
and I dreamed. A couple of times a week I would have that recuring, very
lucid, dream.  I had trouble thinking of anything else.  I noticed one
day that her gym class was the same time as my free period.  That first
day I noticed this I went in just to chat with the gym teacher who is a
friend of mine.  The class was currently engaged in gymnastics and I
explained that I had been considering coaching the gymnastics team and
would like to observe this class to see what it would require. My friend
didn't seem to really buy the story, but went along with it anyway.  So,
I watched this girl with a gluttonous lust as her body assumed the most
erotic positions. And through it all she calmly knew I was watching.
She would gaze at me from time to time and occasionally smile her
beautiful smile and my brain would burn with my desire for her. After
the first week of observance my friend, the gym teacher, had asked for
my assistance with spotting some of the more advanced students.  The
young girl was one of them.  I readily accepted the task.  I had to try
to control the shaking nervousness that was coursing through my body.
My penis was on the verge of becoming erect at any moment and it took
all I had to keep it down.  Until it came time to help my little beauty
with a difficult routine that she was working on.  This required that I
hold her during part of it and she just gazed at me and smiled.  From
the first moment that I touched her the control I had over my penis was
gone.  I just could not contain the insane desire I had for her.  Soon I
was lost. It was as though nobody existed there in the gym as I focused
on her body. The thrill of being near to her, to smell her perfume, the
scent of her hair, to touch her...   My erection was solid concrete, my
mind, utter jello.  I had this image in my mind of the dream and the
dream was carrying into life. It was all so unrealistic.  My thoughts, I
mean.  Here I was, helping this poor girl with her schooling, trying to
find a way to seduce her.  She was so innocent.  But beyond her eyes
somewhere deep I could see a spark.  I could tell, or at least I
dreamed, that it was the spark of lustful interest that this girl had
for me.  I had, up until that point, been taking care not to allow any
of her movements come close to my crotch. I had not wanted her to
accidently brush against my hard on and thus embarrass me.  But now I
fealt this compulsion to let her know just how erotic and exciting she
was.  To make her aware that I was so completely lusting after her.
That hopefully this knowledge would make her begin to think about me in
the mannor in wich I was thinking about her.  It never occurred to me
that she would not reciprocate. I was sure that she would want me just
as badly, once she knew that I wanted her.  I took the chance.  She
twisted around in front of me, I shifted slightly forward, and her butt
rubbed across my stiff dick. I could feel her tense as the realization
suddenly struck her of what it was she had just fealt.  I suddenly
became scared. Had I pushed this too far?  Oh my, what if she told her
friends?  A rumor like this would travel through the school in less than
a day.  My heart began to sink in my chest.  Then, she twisted back
again and before I could shift out of the way her butt rubbed hard
against my erection.  It caused even more blood to pound into my penis.
I was shaking very badly now.  She obviously knew what was up, and my
breath was becoming short.  There were fifteen minutes left to class and
much to my total joy, she took advantage of every close contact to rub
against me.  I was seriously hoping that she was not just taking
advantage of the situation to simply tease a horny priest.  Her eyes and
body told me she was just as horny as I was, but I had my doubts about
this young woman being in such control of her excitement.  I was
confused.

The classes went on and we began to speak to each other.  Every time I
was asked to assist her we would go through the same discreet routine.
My excitement was barely in control and only the dreams would allow the
release of any of the tension in my groin.  The dreams were helping me
physically but mentally driving me deeper into the sinful thoughts that
I was playing in my mind.  I was testing scenerios to find the solution
to my problem.  I wanted to feel every inch of her slender body pressed
against mine.  I wanted to fulfill my dreams and more.  Only the reality
of the situation prevented me from being able to advance it any more
than I had.  I could not just ask her, your place or mine, or grab her
and duck into a vacant room.  I couldn't really figure out any way that
we could be alone. And once I did get her alone, how would I approach
the subject of how badly I desired her?  How would I manage to convince
this innocent young lady to succumb to my wishes?  I was in an absolute
turmoil.  I had even considered figuring out ways to take her
forcefully, although this option I quickly discarded.

One Saturday morning in the spring I was home mowing my lawn for the
second time of the year.  It was a cool day with a slight breeze but I
was hot from the activity and went inside and stripped down completely
to put on a pair of shorts with no underwear.  Five minutes after I
resumed mowing the lawn I noticed my young beauty coming down my
driveway on a ten speed bicycle. Adrenaline shot through my body.  I
could feel the start of a panic. What the hell was she doing here?  I
shut off the mower and approached the driveway as she rode up.  She
stopped and I could tell from the way she gazed at me, deep as she did
when she was rubbing against me, the reason why she was here. I said
hello and smiled. She said nothing and smiled.  I invited her into the
house.  I had left the front door open earlier and she just walked right
in ahead of me. She stopped walking as soon as she was inside the house
and I shut the door quietly.  She didn't move. Her back was toward me
and I took the opportunity to look her over.  She was wearing a pink
pull over sweater and, in keeping with the latest styles, jeans that
were artfully torn in random locations.  My eyes came to a rest on her
beautiful round ass.  In just the past few seconds my heartbeat had
sped, my hormones kicked in, and my dick began to perk up. And still she
stood, unmoving, with her back to me.  I wasn't fooling myself, I knew
exactly what she was here for.  I stepped toward her and placed my hands
on her shoulders.  She shivered.  Her whole body was quivering from the
nervous fear she was enduring.  I moved in closer until my entire front
was firmly pressed against her. Within seconds my erection grew against
her and she ever so gently pressed back against me as it did.  I slid my
hands down her arms and slowly pushed them in front of her as I held her
in a hug.  The excitement was building.  I pressed a kiss to the back of
her head and her wonderful scents permeated my brain.  I nuzzled my nose
to her ear and lightly kissed it.  My tongue traced a small outline
around the edge causing her to shiver again.  I took her lobe between my
lips and tasted it with my tongue.  She was begining to shift and press
against me. I nuzzled her hair from the side of her neck and began to
slowly kiss my way along it, stopping to nibble here and there.  Each
nibble brought a shiver and her knees almost buckled.  She reached her
arms back and pulled my head to her neck as she began to lose her
nervousness.  My hands were now free to roam the front of her body.  I
slid them up over her sweater to her breasts.  I ran a hand around each
breast, then over, and finally began to squeeze them. They were firm and
ripe. I could feel her nipples through the sweater as I massaged my
little beauty.  Bending at the knees slightly I brought my stiff penis
against her plump solid ass.  I reached for the bottom of her sweater
and pulled it upward over her breasts.  I gazed at the marvelous site
before me. She had not worn a braziere and those two firm boobs begged
to be sqeezed some more.  I ran my hands over them and teased her
nipples, then began to massage them once again.  Her skin was so soft
and smooth.  The passion between us was growing with every touch, every
gyration, every shudder.  I ran my hands down her smooth sides to her
hips and rubbed the front of her thighs. I made slow circles around
until I was brushing her pubic bone. I ran my hands down her thighs
again and moved them to the inside.  Then I brought them back up until I
was touching the warmth of her pussy. I took my left hand and returned
it to her breasts and with my right I started to rub her crotch.  I
applied a little pressure, pulling her ass tighter to my dick, and
continued to gyrate slowly. Her breath was coming in long gasps, and
exhaling in an almost inaudible moan.  I continued nibbling and kissing
along her neck.  Much to my surprize she released my head and reached
down to unbutton her pants. I pulled the zipper down and slid my hand in
under her panties.  My fingers wandered slowly through her soft curly
hairs over her pubic bone and down into her wetness.  I rubbed the
outside and slid my middle finger along just inside her lips.  When I
brought my finger to her clitorus and began to gently play her knees
almost buckled again. I became her strength and held her steady, then
ran my hand down again, pushing my finger inside.  I could smell the
wonderful musk that was now drenching her panties and the scent was
tugging at my brain. I rubbed along and pushed my finger in just a
little more and found that her jeans were prohibiting any futher
movement in that direction.  She seemed to come to the realization at
the same time, kicked off her shoes and helped me push her pants down. I
held her from behind as she completely removed her clothing from the
lower half of her body. Now, before me, were the succulent curves, the
soft skin, the smooth toned muscles.  I carefully resumed my position
and ran my hand to her pussy once again.  Now my erection was pushing
not against course jeans, but her naked luscious butt.  As I slid one
finger into her pussy and slowly wiggled it around, I began to remove my
shorts with the other.  I worked them to my knees and kicked them down
and off. I pressed against her butt again and the feeling almost drove
me wild.  It was so fantastic to just rub my penis against her and she
seemed to enjoy it as much as I did.  Struggling to not just continue
with my own pleasure I pushed my finger farther into her pussy.  It was
tight for my finger and I knew that once I got my dick in there it would
be a very major chore to keep from cumming instantly.  She looked up and
glanced around the room.  When she noticed the doorway to my bedroom she
took my hand in hers and turned to gaze once again into my eyes for a
moment, telling me where she wanted to go.  I looked upon her entire
nude form and soaked my mind in the elegance of it. She was so
beautiful, and my dream was finally coming to fruition, I just couldn't
believe it.  We went to my bedroom and lay on the bed.  I pressed
against her and we began to kiss. The kisses were exactly as they were
in my dream. First gentle slow kisses, then they worked thier way into a
passionate exploration as our tongues wandered excitedly.  I caressed
her body from her shoulders to her bottom, to her thighs and back up
again. I moved my hand to her breast and began to squeeze it again. She
was very responsive to this and I could feel her excitement growing. I
moved away from her mouth and down to her breast. As I gently sqeezed I
brought my lips to her nipple and sucked ever so slightly. I kissed and
licked her breast, then moved to the other and gave it equal treatment.
She pulled my head to her tits as I licked them and gyrated her body
against my hard on. She was truly unbelievable. I began kissing downward
along her stomach and slid into a better position. I manuvered between
her legs and brought my mouth to her thighs. I teased her by kissing
around her pubic bone and licking the inside of her thighs. I brought my
hands under her legs and pushed them further apart. Then I dug my tongue
into her pussy. It was as though I had sent an electric shock through
her body. She convulsed and shuddered. She grabbed the back of my head
and pulled my face into her crotch. I dug my tongue deep. I flicked my
tongue in and out and up across her clitorus. She moaned deep throaty
moans. I wondered if I dare hope for her to do the same to me. I half
swung around and she immediately got the picture. She grabbed at my
stiff penis and began to stroke it. This time the shudder was running
through me. My tongue began to probe her twat furiously. She started to
run her tongue along my dick. I almost couldn't take it. I distract- ed
myself in her pussy and managed to fight back an orgasm. When she took
my penis into her mouth my licking and probing sped even more. I was
coming so close to the edge and I didn't want to loose it yet, oh no,
please, not yet! I finally had to pull away from her delectable pussy
and stop all this. I did not want to let her bring me to an orgasm this
way. I, just for a second, watched her lovely face as her mouth worked
up and down my cock, then I stopped her.  I moved around and we
embraced, exploring each others mouths once again. I ran my hands along
her body and caressed her flesh. We allowed ourselves a little time to
calm the pressures that were threating to explode as we lovingly kissed
and touched each other. After a few minutes I pulled myself over her and
she spread her legs. I reached down, spread her pussy lips with my
fingers, and pressed the head of my dick up against the wetness.  I
began to push the head into her and she wrapped her arms around me and
held on tight. I pushed forward a little more. The moment was here. This
little beauty was all mine, and I was going to have her.  I pushed
again. It was getting very difficult to move it in further. I began to
worry if I would be able to get it in without hurting her. I slid it
back a little to allow her juices to lubricate the path. Then I pushed
forward again. This time a little further than the last. The feeling so
far was incredible. Better than I had dreamed!  I pulled back again.
Then pushed. I was almost halfway in her and she seemed to be
experiencing nothing but pleasure, so I just braced myself and pushed
hard. My dick slid all the way in. She screamed. As I began to pull out
she pulled me closer and I realized it was the shock of the intense
charge she got and not pain that made her scream. I slowly began to pump
in and out. Her tight pussy was exciting every inch of my dick and I was
loving every second of it all. She wrapped her slender legs around my
waist opening the way even better. I began to pump faster and a little
harder. My balls began to hit against her ass with each inward thrust.
She moaned in rythm with my pumps. Faster and faster. All the way in,
then almost all the way out. Faster. Harder. She was bucking up into me
with each push. It became so intense I could feel the orgasm building.
She started with half moans half screams. My balls slapped harder
against her ass and it drove me into a frenzy. We became so animalistic,
so bent on just achieving the ultimate pleasure that lie just ahead. I
pumped again and again. A shudder began running through my body and I
just kept pumping. Her wonderful moans suddenly became one continu- ous
escalating moan as her climax started through her body. The pressure of
my cum was pushing so hard as I fought to pump just a few more times. My
brain became a ball of flame and after two more thrusts, at the exact
time her legs pulled me hard and deep into her cunt, I blew! I blew hard
right into her own exploding orgasm and together we screamed in blissful
rapture.  to go.  I looked upon her entire nude form and soaked my mind
in the eleganc

