
                    18th Birthday Celebration

     Since my 21 year old stepdaughter received the camcorder as a
gift last Christmas, it has been her constant companion, traveling
with her wherever she goes.   Alternately it has become almost a
permanent fixture on its tripod in the corner of our Family Room,
silently and watchfully recording candid views of our family life
for posterity.  Last weekend Carla knocked on my study door for a
short visit before her date, bringing with her a small giftwrapped
package.  She asked me not to open the package until after both
her and her 18 year old sister Michelle had left for the evening.
When her fiance Bob arrived, she kissed me goodnight, told me to
enjoy my gift, and they left for their date.
     I had been planning to spend the evening working on the
revised blueprints for the Mall we were building, but curiosity
about the package was getting to me.  It seemed like hours before
Michelle's boyfriend Mark arrived and they too left for the pool
party at Kim's house (even though it was only 20 min.) but finally
I was alone and I could open the mysterious gift.  I poured myself
a glass of wine and proceeded to rip open the wrapping paper.
Inside was a videotape and a note from Carla saying simply
"ENJOY".
     Their natural father died when they were very young,
(Michelle was only a year old at the time), and their mother was
killed in a car accident 4 years later so I had to raise the girls
alone, being both mother and father at the same time.  It hasn't
been always easy, but we do enjoy a special closeness that only
families that have dealt with death like this seem to have.
     I couldn't wait any longer to find out what was on this tape,
so I fed it into the VCR, turned on the television, and sat back
in my recliner to watch.  The credits came on.  The title was
simply Michelle's 18th Birthday Party.  From the opening frames it
was obvious that Carla had recorded it from the tripod in the
corner of our Family Room, also it appeared that no one was aware
the camera was silently watching and recording the proceedings.
     I smiled to myself on Carla's thoughtfulness.  I had to be
out of town on business the night of the party, so I wasn't
present for the festivities, but it became clear a little later
that it had been planned that way!
     The party started quietly enough, it was just Carla,
Michelle, Bob, Mark, Kim and her boyfriend Brian sitting around
drinking punch and eating birthday cake.  Then it became time to
open presents.  Mark's was the first to be opened, he gave
Michelle a beautiful white lace teddy with pink trim and matching
garter belt, panties and stockings.  Bob's was the next to be
opened.  His gift consisted of a collection of massage oils and
scents, and a dozen pair of edible panties!  Kim insisted that
Shelly open her's next.  I almost fell out of the recliner I was
laughing so hard at the reaction on Michele's face to Kim's
present- a whole box of dildos and vibrators, in assorted shapes
and sizes, ranging from somewhat modest dimensions to what can
only be described as the impossible dream!  Brian's seemed almost
sedate after it's predecessor, a leather push-up bra, leather
garter belt, whip, and a collection of handcuffs, soft ropes and
other assorted items that the camera couldn't see from it's
vantage point (at least for now I was to find out!).  Carla had
saved her gift until last with an aura of mystery surrounding it
(like this tape), as was her style.  The mystery did not end even
after Shelly tore open the wrapping paper, enclosed in it's
protective case was a 3.5" computer disk, labeled only with her
favorite signature "ENJOY!".
     Carla rolled the girls' computer over and announced
"It's game time everyone!"
     She fed the disk into the machine along with some other
information before she would allow anyone else to see the monitor,
including the camera.  Then with a flourish she spun the monitor
around to reveal her suprise gift.
     "Michele, we have been waiting for this moment for a long
time, you are the last of us to turn 18 and we have prepared a
special suprise to commemorate the occasion.  The game is
called INTERSEX, it's played with rules similiar to Monopoly, but
it has a few interesting differences, as you'll see as we play.
Because your the Birthday Girl, you have the honor of going
first."
     Bob told her,"Just follow the instructions that pop up on the
screen, Michelle, relax and enjoy the game."
     Curious, and obviously a little excited Michelle pushed the
button to start the game.  She rolled a 10 to start the game,
landed on an available property, was given a chance to purchase
it, accepted and so play continued for a couple of rounds.  On the
fourth round Carla landed on a "Chance" square.  It read "You
have been given Wonder Woman's lasso of truth.  You can ask each
person a question, and they must answer truthfully!"
     Carla decided to ask each person the same question, "Are you
still a virgin?".  Bob answered "Of course I'm not, you know that,
Carla."  After the giggling died down, the other two boys simply
answered "no", and Kim answered sheepishly, that she was.  Carla
looked at her sister and asked "Well, how about it, Michelle, are
you still a virgin?"  Almost inaudibly, and with a blush Michelle
answered simply, "Yes, I am."
     Carla replied with a smile on her face, "Well, we'll take
care of that problem for you."
     Again, things appeared to move along rather sedately for a
few more rounds until Bob landed on a piece of property owned by
Kim and elected to "work" rather than "pay".
     Kim drew a card that said "Kim, as owner you are to be the
recipient of the following benefit- your partner will kiss you
deeply for at least 3 minutes, do not let your tongues stay in
your mouths, while doing so let your hands wander all over each
others chests.  Your partner is Bob."
     Virgin or not, it was pretty aparent that as far as French
kissing was concerned, Kim was not inexperienced.  In fact it
looked as if she was trying to climb down Bob's throat!  The
action was also having a definite effect on the rest of the
players (as well as ME).  Play continued and the directives became
slowly a little more risque each time an action card was drawn,
Carla having to pretend that Brian's big toes were penises and
while she was sucking and licking them (toward orgasm?), Michelle
having to remove Mark's shirt without the use of her hands, etc.
     Then things began to heat up a little more quickly.  Michelle
picked a card that read "You are receiving INTERSEXION benefits,
Your partners will cut your blouse and bra off, one shread at a
time.  Your partners are Kim, Brian and Mark."  Blushing she
hesitated, but then sat in the middle of the circle while her
partners took turns slowly and tantillizingly cutting a small
piece of fabric at a time to gradually expose her breasts to
everyone.
     She looked at Mark and said, "I can't believe this is
happening, until now I never allowed any boy to see my breasts.
Now here I am sitting here in front of everyone."  Carla just
smiled in anticipation of things to come.  Gradually the boys lost
their shirts, Bob lost his slacks, Carla and Kim were instructed
to get into a tickle battle, during which they were to remove each
others' tops and bras. And so on it went until Shelly landed on
the square marked simply "ACTION", for the first time.  Michelle
picked a card.  It read "You are the center of attention.  Your
partners will kiss and lick every square inch of your exposed
flesh for at least 3 minutes, at which time your pants or skirt,
but not your underpants, will be removed, and the attention will
continue for at least 3 additional minutes.  Your partners are not
allowed to touch any portion of your body still covered.  Your
partners are Kim, Carla and Bob."
     With a shudder, Shelly moved to the center of the circle and
slowly sank to her knees on the thick carpet.  Kim and Carla
started slowly to kiss, lick and suck on her fingers, working up
her hands to her arms, slowly to her shoulders neck and ears, to
her face eyes and one at a time taking turns, her mouth.
Meanwhile, Bob was slowly working each toe of each foot, gradually
working up her ankles and calves, tantillizing her and everyone
else with his ministrations.  Kim and Carla began kissing
Michelle's torso, slowly working their hot mouths over the
surface, keeping away from her breasts and nipples.  Bob slid her
miniskirt up her thighs as he continued to tease her flesh orally.
Then the girls began to tease Michelle's breasts, flicking at her
nipples, then pulling away as she lifted her torso off the floor
to try to force them into their hot mouths.  And so it continued
for at least 10 minutes!  It was about all she could stand when
they finally lowered their mouths to her aching breasts and began
to suck and bite them with abandon.  Bob had meanwhile removed her
skirt and had his tongue tracing the outline of her panties and
her hips raising off the floor to reach his mouth.  Then they
switched places, with Bob hungrilly devouring her luscious
breasts.
     My heart was pumping wildly in my chest watching this action
on the screen.  It didn't matter that these were my own daughters!
Finally, they stopped.  Michelle lay sprawled on the carpet clad
only in her panties, and with her chest heaving wildly.  Play
continued with Brian removing Kim's pants with his mouth, Mark
getting a chance to French Carla while allowing his hands to roam
all over her body and remove her cut-offs, and so on.  Michelle
landed on the infamous "ACTION" square again.  The card she picked
instructed her to leave the room and put on a pair of edible
panties (her choice of flavors) and then return to the center of
the circle where the other players were to eat them slowly and
tantillizingly from her body.  She disappeared from the camera's
eye for a short time and then reappeared wearing abright red pair.
     Kim asked,"What flavor did you pick, Shell?"
     With a sly grin Bob interjected,"That's what we're going to
find out now, Kim!"
     As Michele sunk to the carpet, the other players began
caressing her body. Carla licking her ears, nibbling her neck and
locking her lips over Michelle's for a long, deep, French kiss.
Bob and Kim each took control of one of Michelle's breasts, in
turn kneading, licking, nibbling and sucking her nipples with
abandon.  Mark positioned himself between Michelle's legs, and
began to lick and nibble at the edible panties.  Brian lifted
Micelle's right leg and attacked the panties from the rear, looked
up with a piece in his lips and exclaimed, "I don't believe
it, they're CHERRY flavored, Kim!"

END OF PART ONE

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              