Archive-name: Family/bonnie.txt
Archive-author: Friar Dave
Archive-title: Bonnie

(X-rated, sexually explicit text.)


Chapter One

     I invited Mark, my cousin, to bring his family out to my summer 
place on Long Island for a weekend. He hesitated, saying he had to 
arrange a sitter for the younger kids. I told him I expected them to 
come, too. I had plenty of room and it would be good to have some 
youngsters making a racket in the place. It was too big and empty for a 
40-year-old guy who liked kids, and the house and grounds demanded the 
patter of little feet busily raising Hell.
     Let's get one thing straight: I'm not crazy about Mark, who's five 
years older than me. He's okay, and sometimes fun, but he's prone to 
self-pity. Still: He's family. And I remembered more than a few times -- 
when I was a loner kid -- when Mark went out of his way to pal around 
with me. Now he was on some hard times, I was doing pretty good for 
myself and I figured it was payback time. He'd been essentially solidly 
established and was making good money working for a financial paper -- 
until the big crash. His income went from Real Good to Unemployment and 
to Mark, the job was everything. A little fresh salt air and sunshine 
and barbecuing -- not to mention, a change of scene -- would do him 
good.
     Besides which, I genuinely liked Kate, his second wife, and his 
kids -- one by her and two by his first wife. Kate had a wicked deadpan 
sense of humor; always welcome. I'd been a little suspicious of her, at 
first. After all, she'd essentially broken up Mark's (already crumbling) 
first marriage and quickly accepted the proposal of a man 14 years her 
senior and from a totally different background. But Kate had Stood By 
Her Man when it hit the fan, and all three kids happily called her 
"Mom." In fact, if Kate weren't married, I could have been looking 
forward to her visit for more than friendly chatter and companionship. 
She was a damn good-looking woman, in the full bloom of femininity, and 
with all the self-assurance and sexiness that comes with it. And she 
still had a helluva fine figure and a great, strong face and -- 
     But I'm getting ahead of myself.
     Anyhow, about a week before they were going to come out -- for the 
third weekend in August, an excellent time to get the hell out of 
Manhattan -- Mark called me. He was sheepish and uncertain and I finally 
wormed it out of him:
     "Well, Kate's kid sister is going to be in New York for a couple of 
days, and we hate to leave her alone in the condo..."
     Kid sister? Yeah, I was beginning to remember -- and then it all 
came back in a flash, from the wedding. Kate's kid -- but not "little" 
-- sister, one Miss Irene Marie Pound.
     YES!
     "Well, there's plenty of room, Mark -- bring her along." I tried 
not to drool on the phone, all the time figuring: Irene was six years 
younger than Kate, which would make her about 24 or 25 now and she had 
been an absolute knockout at the wedding at which time she'd been no 
more than 15. Yes, I had done a good job of burying that memory; every 
time I'd looked at her, I'd had an instant physical reaction and had 
been growling to myself, "Jailbait -- Down, boy!"
     "Are you sure it's not too much trouble?" he whined.
     And I was thinking: If it is, you and your clan sleep in the pool, 
but she is *definitely* invited.
     "No, no problem. Let her tag along."
     In fact, I suggested they come out on Thursday night and plan on 
returning Monday evening. A nice, long weekend.
     I hung up and found I had the same physical reaction to the thought 
of Irene. I told myself she'd probably not handled the ensuing years 
well. Most women who are stunning at 15 are, er, somewhat less than 
appealing 10 years later -- as if they've burned out all the `beautiful' 
assigned to them much too early. Or she was still stunning, but was 
going to take one look at a 40-year-old guy and immediately begin 
ignoring him, when possible. Or had gone dyke. Or turned nasty. Or was 
embittered.
     None of it worked. At 40, I had to take the time to jerk off before 
I could concentrate on anything.
     It didn't help.

Chapter Two

     I heard Mark's car crunching on the gravel around 4:30 on Thursday 
afternoon. The sun was still high and strong and I was out by the pool 
with a cold beer and the latest Spenser novel. I almost wished they'd 
been stuck in traffic; I hate being interrupted while reading Parker.
     I trundled myself out of the chaise lounge and wandered across the 
semi-landscaped yard to meet them. I've got three acres, but only one 
was cleared. The house sits in the middle of that. Most of the property 
is as it was before cars were discovered. The local wildlife also knew 
it was a safe place. A couple of huge hares were standing on their hind 
legs to see who the intruders were. 
     The little circular driveway is surrounded by brush, so I heard the 
car doors opening and closing long before I saw the first signs of their 
arrival -- in this case, Dolores, the 15-year-old. She was carrying a 
duffel bag and one of those pouches that holds cassette tapes. 
     "Hi, Uncle Dan!" She was still very pretty, with a mischievous 
smile that brightened dark rooms. All long legs and auburn hair...she 
was going to be a beauty. She was showing that first glow of blossoming 
into womanhood, and there were some outstanding secondary sexual
characteristics asserting themselves under her NKOTB tee-shirt. She'd 
inherited her Puerto Rican mother's complexion and smile; she got her 
blue eyes and hair color from Mark.
     "Hi, Dolores! Glad to see you! Need a hand?"
     She giggled. "No -- but Mom does."
     "What do you mean?"
     More giggles. "You'll see! Where should I put these?"
     "Just drop 'em in one of the bedrooms downstairs. Your choice."
     I stepped through the brush into the little clearing that is my one 
and only concession to cars on the property. Parked next to my van was 
Mark's Subaru. 
     "Hey, Mark, Kate, Penny."
     All waved and grinned abashedly and I soon saw why. Kate's seat-
belt clasp was stuck and she and Mark were trying to free it. Which 
reminded me: Between the two of them, danger lurked in every mechanical 
device. Penny was sitting stolidly in the backseat, biting her lower lip 
and trying not to laugh as she watched the fun.
     When I saw the cause of the problem, I did bark out a quick laugh, 
which I immediately tried to cover by clearing my throat. Somehow, Kate 
had managed to buckle the snap with a piece of her pretty, lightweight 
printed summery dress caught in it. Naturally, the first time she'd 
moved more than a few inches, it had ripped a sizable portion of the 
dress, exposing a sizable portion of her torso.
     "Don't you dare laugh, Daniel," she warned, eyes bright with mirth. 
"This is serious business."
     "I can see that."
     Penny coughed. She was going to lose it in a moment.
     "Did you say something, honey?" Mark asked. He was kneeling on the 
driver's seat, bent over the imprisoning buckle. He raised his head to 
look at Penny and, of course, banged said head on the roof of the car.
     "Say, Mark -- why don't you go down to the basement and get my red 
toolbox so we can free the prisoner of fender here."
     Rubbing his head, he nodded and said, "Good idea, and, oh, yeah, 
great to see you." He started to offer his left hand -- he was rubbing 
his head with his right -- realized his malaprop, switched hands and in 
the process smacked himself in the eye. Same old Mark.
     We managed to wait till he was a decent distance away before 
breaking into muffled guffaws.
     "'Prisoner of fender'?" Kate repeated. "I'll get you for that!"
     Penny scrambled out and around. "Want to take a crack at this?" I 
asked.
     She looked at me with that look only a kid can give an adult. "Are 
you kidding? I've got both their genes. I'd probably blow up the car."
     "Watch your mouth, young lady!" Kate barked, but there was no bite 
in it. 
     "It's more fun watching this," she replied.
     "Want a kid?" Kate asked me.
     "How much will you pay me?"
     "I don't know. What's hamburger going for these days?"
     I was working at the buckle, very much aware how close my hands 
were to Kate's rather abundant breasts, which were straining at the 
flimsy bra exposed by the injured dress. Their finances may have gone to 
hell in a handcart, but her figure was better than ever.
     "Got it," I announced, feeling the little snick of the release. 
     "Praise be!" Kate said, grabbing the strap.
     "Wait! Don't -- "
     Too late. She was so eager to be freed of her bondage that when she 
ripped the strap off, she also ripped away most of the top of her dress. 
     "At least you made it out alive," Penny offered cheerfully. She was 
taking bags out of the back seat.
     Kate looked down at herself as she stood. "Damn." Then she shrugged 
and rolled the torn material around her waist. "Oh, well, I suppose it 
actually covers more than my swimsuit."
     "Oh?"
     Mark called from the house. "Hey, Dan -- I can't find any red 
toolbox!" 
     I didn't tell him there wasn't any red toolbox.
     "It's okay, Dad -- she's sprung!"
     Kate gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "Thanks for having us." 
     "My pleasure, babe. I like being surrounded by women who run around 
in their underwear." I grabbed a couple of the bags and noticed, for the 
first time, that Penny had been growing since the last time I saw her. 
She had become more than a pretty little girl; she was a beautiful, 
budding adolescent. Her slightly curly hair was the color of gold, and 
she wore it shoulder-long. Her eyes were a pale blue. Her complexion was 
fair, but too warm to be pale. And she'd inherited the best of the bone 
structures of her mom and dad, which was saying a lot. She was going to 
be an absolute knockout when she grew up.
     Mark came out to help with the bags and stared at his wife's bra-
encased tits. I hung back with him as she and Penny preceded us toward 
the house. He was staring at his wife's sleek back and the firm, rounded 
twitching of her ass in the remains of the dress. He was shaking his 
head.
     "Don't worry about the dress, Mark. It happens."
     "Oh, not that. It's just that every time I look at her, it's like 
the first time. She just gets more and more beautiful. I am one lucky 
sonuvabitch."
     "Amen to that." We started toward the house. "Where's Bonita?"
     "She's waiting in the apartment for Irene. Keep her company on the 
way out. They're taking the Long Island Railroad. Should get here around 
nine-thirty. They'll probably be yakking all the way."
     "They keep in touch, eh?"
     "And how. Every time Irene gets a flight assignment in the
Northeast, she calls and they gab." 
     "Flight assignment?"
     "Oh, yeah -- Irene's a flight attendant."
     We climbed the five wooden steps to the side door. Dolores was 
walking around the living room, investigating my collection of books and 
tapes in the alcove next the fireplace. She was wearing a swimsuit under 
her tee-shirt, now, and her long legs flashed and tensed as she shifted 
and bent. The bottom of the suit didn't cover much of her ripe little 
ass. I cautioned myself not to respond to the sight, but did anyhow, of 
course. I settled for reminding myself to behave.
     "Where do you want to bunk us?"
     "I gave the girls first choice of the bedrooms down here. You guys 
get the one on the left, upstairs."
     I heard the bathroom door open and turned to find Kate striding 
toward us. She had put on her swimsuit and pulled a pair of denim shorts 
on over the bottoms. I knew she was wearing the bottoms because the 
outline was visible under the very tight shorts. And she'd been right -- 
the bra hid more than the white Lurex top. 
     Mark's breathing had shortened. "Hey, honey, help me put these 
upstairs?"
     She looked puzzled for a moment, then smiled slightly. "Sure." She 
took one minuscule makeup bag from her husband and sashayed past us. We 
both stared for a moment before Mark began to follow, his eyes fixed on 
his wife's gorgeous butt. 
     "Mark?"
     He shook himself and looked at me. 
     "Be sure the door is closed. Noise and all that."
     He grinned and blushed like a school-kid. I'd stayed with them once 
when they were first married. At first I'd thought there was a
malfunctioning air-raid siren nearby. Kate was a screamer.
     I deposited the other bags right there in the living room; they 
could sort them out. Then I noticed Dolores. The ceiling of the main 
floor goes all the way to the roof for half its width and Dolores was 
watching her mesmerized father follow her sashaying mother across the 
balcony to the bedroom.
     Penny came out of the bedroom and saw Dolores looking up. "Where's 
Mom and Dad?"
     I heard the bedroom door close. Dolores just nodded toward the 
balcony.
     "Oh, jeez," Penny said. "Everybody into the shelter!" She put her 
fingers into her ears and headed for the sliding screen doors to the 
rear deck and the backyard beyond, lean legs scissoring beneath the 
thigh-length jumbo tee-shirt.
     Dolores followed at a more leisurely pace. She was shaking her 
head. 
     "What's the matter?"
     "I never knew old folks could get it on so much. None of my
friends' parents do it so much or so loud."
     I stepped onto the deck and closed the screen door behind us. "Your 
folks are very much in love."
     "And lust."
     I laughed. "That, too."
     "Gives me hope for my old age," she said and grinned. 
     "Old age? Hey, your dad's only a few years older than I am." I was 
trying to kid her.
     "Oh, I didn't mean it like that. I mean, you're single and do 
stuff. You're -- well, you're not like a parent."
     "Not that I know of."
     We stepped off the deck onto the cool grass and headed toward the 
pool.
     "Is it okay if we swim?"
     I looked out at the yard, where Penny was investigating the bird 
feeder. "You have to," I said. "Unless the pool gets churned up, it 
solidifies. Can't have that."
     "Uh-uh. Can't let that happen." She walked a little bit ahead of me 
and slowly peeled her tee-shirt up. The blue lurex or spandex bottom 
covered maybe two-thirds of her butt. Hard, creamy ass flesh clenched 
and twitched in front of me for the next three or four steps, during 
which she completed the de-tee-shirting. Her hips were slightly flared, 
her waist was taut and the top of her suit was no more than a narrow 
band of very tightly stretched blue across her shoulder blades. She 
shook her chestnut hair back and suddenly turned to face me. 
     "Hold my shirt for me?" She thrust it at me.
     "Uh...sure." 
     She smiled again, this time slyly. "How do you like my suit?" She 
slowly turned this way and that. Yes, her secondary sexual
characteristics were superbly developed. About a handful (and I've got 
big hands), they were firm and jutting, even within the not-quite 
confines of the stretch top. 
     Which is to say: She had great tits.
     "There's not much to like," I said. "And I like it."
     Just then we could hear the first distant wailing from the house. 
It went louder and higher and then there was a shriek -- and the wailing 
resumed.
     Dolores's eyes were half-closed and her nipples were hardening. She 
shook her self, turned and jogged toward the pool. A moment later, I 
heard the splash. I strode slowly ahead, the tee-shirt in my hand. Penny 
awaited me at the gate. 
     "She's gotten to be such a flirt."
     I looked down at her, found her looking up at me, beautiful face 
expressionless and utterly devoid of guile. The top of her head was 
barely even with the bottom of my ribcage. We stepped inside the
fencing. Dolores's splashing pretty well covered the screams from the 
house.
     "Most pretty girls flirt," I said. "It's usually a phase."
     "I know. It starts when they take first deliveries on the flirting 
equipment." She picoted, watching her sister. "She's already had some 
re-orders delivered."
     I went to my chaise lounge and sat. She followed and stood beside 
me, still watching her sister. Dolores seemed to be trying to swim the 
length of the pool underwater on a single breath. She was almost making 
it. 
     "Do I detect a hint of jealousy?" 
     "A little." She pulled the big tee-shirt off and stood in her own 
two-piece, which was considerably less flashy and more modest than her 
sister's. "But I'm only eleven." She smiled brightly. "I think I'll do 
okay. What do you think?"
     Eleven? She had tits 14-year-olds would kill for. Penny was an 
early bloomer. Her legs were still a bit skinny and she had no hips, but 
her breasts were already forming nicely and proudly, and her little 
peach of an ass was something I could have cheerfully take a big bite 
out of -- if there was any skin that wasn't taut as a rubber ball.
     "Yeah, you'll do okay. Go swim."
     "Sure!" She whirled, whooped and leaped.
     Had she glanced at my crotch, quickest of snatched glimpses, just 
before turning? I wasn't sure, but I was glad I was wearing a jockstrap 
and swimsuit under my shorts -- or else there'd have been no concealing 
the hard-on there.
     I grabbed the remains of my now-warm and flat beer and drained it. 
This was going to be one helluva trying weekend -- and Bonita and Irene 
hadn't even shown up yet!

Chapter Three

     I left Penny watching Dolores's indefatigable swimming while I went 
to the house for another beer and to get dinner under way. I started the 
charcoal burning and laid out a couple of steaks and washed some
potatoes. While I was preparing the salad, Mark and Kate came downstairs 
(a bit wobbly in the knees, if you ask me). Kate was glowing and Mark 
looked content...for the time being.
     "You guys get everything put where it belongs?"
     Kate laughed easily and Mark grinned beneath his blush. He was 
wearing an incredibly, wonderfully tacky Hawaiian shirt and oversized 
shorts. Kate was wearing her little white lurex two piece with a
matching wrap around the bottom. When she walked, her hips rolled. Her 
nipples were round, dark blotches inside the white top, which was 
stretched to bursting by her tits. Between her and the two flirting 
kids, I was going to be spending a lot of time choking the chicken this 
weekend, unless something wonderful happened with Irene.
     "Anything we can do help?" Kate asked as I chopped lettuce.
     I stared at her. "After that business with the seat belt? You could 
injure some valuable real estate. But I'd feel more at ease if you'd go 
keep an eyes on those two marathon swimmers."
     Kate smiled warmly and winked at Mark, than glided out the door. 
She took off the wrap as she walked and that gorgeous, womanly ass was 
demonstrating many wonderful advantages of sheer, white lurex.
     "She's a lot of woman, cousin."
     Mark nodded. "Maybe too much."
     "Huh?"
     "Listen, I should be pretty safe wrapping the potatoes in foil, 
right?"
     I nodded. As he mangled the aluminum foil, I said, "What did you 
mean -- `Maybe too much'?"
     "Shit, Dan, I'm almost 45. She's 30, just entering her sexual 
prime. She's almost insatiable."
     "Looks sated to me. Could almost hear her slosh." I went to work on 
the radishes.
     "She just turns me on so much, I always kind of rise to the
occasion. How's this?" He held up the first successfully captured 
potato. It was a pretty miserable job of wrapping.
     "Terrific. Listen -- As long as she's happy, what're you worrying 
about?"
     "Can I be blunt?"
     "Hell, you can be the Easter Bunny. Shoot."
     "Sometimes I think that no matter how much she cums, she's a little 
disappointed when I stop."
     "Are you bullshitting me?"
     He shook his head somberly while he struggled to wrap another 
elusive potato.
     "Mark, you two were in the bedroom for 45 minutes. For two-thirds 
of that time, she was screaming. The look on her face and the way she 
was walking just now...That is one satisfied woman."
     "I wonder... "
     "Have you asked her about this?"
     "Sure. She says I'm all the man she could ever wish for, that it's 
beautiful and ecstatic...the standard line."
     I stabbed a green pepper. "Standard line? Are you nuts? Are you 
trying to imply that Kate -- *Kate* -- would hide something?"
     "Well, yes -- so she wouldn't hurt my feelings. I think she wants 
more than I can give her."
     "Evidence?"
     "Evi--? Oh." He deposited another pathetically wrapped potato and 
began assaulting a third. "Well, I was watching a porno tape. She 
usually doesn't bother with them -- says they're not romantic -- but she 
was walking through, during this one scene where a guy with a huge cock 
was giving a woman the business. Guy's dick must have been a foot long 
and thick as a sausage. Well, she stopped walking and that, she watched. 
Never took her eyes off the screen. And it turned her on so much, I 
thought I was going to need a mop."
     I laughed. "Hey, man, I've seen you in the shower. You've got 
nothing to worry about."
     "Dan, this guy had more soft than I have hard. Huge -- the way her 
nipples got when she was watching him."
     "Lot's of women fantasize about fucking a horse-cock, but most of 
them don't care for it unless it's attached to someone they really 
like."
     "So I've read. So I've been told."
     I went to work on a pair of perfect red peppers. "Why don't you 
believe it?"
     He took a deep breath. "Well, after that film I thought maybe she 
was wishing for more. So I went out and bought something. A marital 
aid."
     "A what?"
     "You know..."
     "A dildo?"
     "Yeah." A kind of cough, under his breath.
     "A great big one."
     "Yeah."
     "As big as the guy in the movie."
     Another cough. I went to work on the carrots.
     "And?"
     "And, well, uh, one night when I ran out of gas, I got it out and 
lubed it up and started using it on her." He stopped wrapping and stared 
at me. "Mark, she came for almost another hour."
     "Nonstop?"
     He nodded. "My arms gave out before she did. She took that fucking 
thing inside to the hilt. I could see her tummy bulge when it was in. I 
did it hard, I did it easy, fast, slow, straight, circles. Didn't 
matter. By the time she was done, I was hard again. I rode her for 
another 15 minutes and she kept cumming. Used the dildo again for about 
a half-hour. She finally passed out with the dildo inside her. She was 
still cumming."
     I emitted a low whistle.
     "She came for more than two hours without a pause and was still 
cumming when she passed out," he repeated. "I think I've got a
situation, here."
     "All in your head, Mark." Carrots done, I went to work on a
cucumber, peeling the skin.
     "I think she wants more than just me."
     "Even though she said the opposite."
     "And I think she's going to go trolling."
     "Now, Mark -- "
     "And I think she'd like you."
     "WHAT?"
     "And I want you to go ahead -- "
     I spun on him, cucumber poised for attack. "Forget it! Out of the 
question!"
     "Dan, she's going to go after somebody, sooner or later. She likes 
you -- and I trust you. I know you'd never try to take her away from me, 
so I'd be grateful if you helped me keep her happy."
     "Sort of keep it in the family, huh?"
     "Yeah."
     "No fucking way. End of discussion."
     "But -- "
     "Mark, don't piss me off. I envy you Kate in your bed, I lust after 
her, but I am not -- repeat, not -- going to fuck your wife."
     "What if she asked?"
     "Same response."
     His shoulders slumped and I returned to the cucumber. I realized 
that he'd actually convinced himself that he wanted this -- to have me 
fuck his horny wife.
     A few more silent minutes of devastating the potatoes and preparing 
the salad, and I said, "Better go get those water babies in here to 
change. We'll be ready to eat in a half hour."
     "Sure." Dejected. He went out and summoned them. The two girls 
scampered in, with Kate languidly bringing up the rear (so to speak).
     "Mosquitoes out there," she announced. 
     "No kidding." I handed her the salad bowl. "In the fridge, please?"
     She smiled brightly and bent at the waist before the opened
refrigerator. Her ass was a caution, outthrust like that. 
     Broing! Boner time. 
     "There're some bug whackers out there. Would you guys turn'em on 
for me? Just turn the switch till the nasty blue glow starts and watch 
the fun. And toss those taters down into the coals, please."
     "I'll do it," Mark said. To Kate: "You're still damp."
     From what he'd told me, she was always damp. He went out into the 
yard and began making the rounds in twilight.
     "Kate, I've got to tell you something."
     "Mmmmm?"
     "Dolores is turning me on. She's working at it, but she doesn't 
have to."
     She made a face. "So now she's picking on you. Mark had the same 
reaction and I told her it wasn't nice to go around teasing her dad."
     "Or her Uncle Dan."
     "I'll talk to her about it."
     "Please. I don't want to be tempted by a kid. Get a couple of more 
brewskis in me and I might convince myself that she wants to do more 
than tease."
     Kate chuckled. "She probably does. She really likes you, you know."
     "She's 15. She's just a kid."
     "Oh, she's grown up enough in some ways."
     "Not between the ears, she's not. And how's Irene looking?"
     "She's grown up enough, in all the ways. When I grow up, I want to 
look like Irene. Looking forward to her arrival?" She stared pointedly 
at my crotch.
     "As if you and Lolita weren't enough to raise the flagpole."
     "Why, thank you for the flattery!" She smiled. Dimples. Hadn't 
noticed those before.
     "It's truth."
     "Well, if you're already salivating, wait'll Bonita gets here."
     "Oh? She's -- what? Nineteen?"
     "You haven't seen her in a while, have you?"
     "No. Last couple of times, she's been away at school." Bonita was a 
sophomore at Smith, on a scholarship. She'd spent her previous summer in 
Italy, visiting ruins (presumably). This summer she was interning at the 
Metropolitan Museum of Art. She was an Art History major.
     "Bonita is gorgeous and hot and -- remember young Raquel Welch?"
     "Who could forget?"
     "Okay -- better. Sexier."
     I whistled. "Maybe we better get some sheep in here before they 
arrive. I'm going to be drooling over a 19-year-old. If Irene shows 
signs of receptivity, warn her that I'm going to be, er, prominently 
energetic."
     "The prominence is already evident." She glanced at my crotch.
     "Cripes."
     Dolores and Penny came out, wearing loose shorts and oversized 
shirts and thongs. Penny looked cute. Since Dolores's shirt was
sufficiently oversized for her braless tits to bobble enticingly, she 
was again an ad for jailbait sex. 
     "Kate -- Lolita?" I whispered.
     "Right. Dolores, will you help me with something, please?" Kate 
strode toward the stairway to the upstairs bedroom, her daughter in tow. 
     Mark returned. "Mosquito heaven out there."
     "We can't eat outside?" Penny asked.
     "In a little while. Your dad has successfully engaged the nuclear-
powered bug zappers. I will fire up the citronella blasters and in a 
brief time, the backyard will be safe for visiting humans."
     "I'm still putting on jeans and a long sleeve," said Mark. 
     "Bug repellent's in the utility closet next to the bathroom down 
here."
     Penny looked up at the closed bedroom door. "You told Mom about 
Dolores, right?"
     "Right."
     Penny looked at me, now. Her gaze was disconcertingly calm. "She 
really wants to do it with you, y'know."
     "If she feels the same way in five years, I'll be delighted."
     "I'm serious."
     I was busy working a garlic clove around the steaks. I stopped and 
met her stare. "She told you?"
     Penny nodded. "She's not a virgin, either. Hasn't been for a year. 
Why not?"
     "She's too young -- "
     "She's big enough."
     "And she's not big enough."
     "You liked her body."
     "Yes, but she's not big enough. In there."
     "She's had -- "
     "Believe me, Penny. She's not."
     "But -- "
     I reached into the vegetable bin and handed her a large cucumber. 
"No, she's not."
     Her eyes widened and her mouth opened. A little "Oh!" came out. 
     I took back the vegetable and replaced it. "Put the plates out on 
the picnic table for me? They're in that cupboard." I nodded and resumed 
preparing the steaks. "How do you like yours?"
     "Big and -- uh, medium." She was blushing. She took a very long 
time to put the plates on the table. In the interim, Dolores and Kate 
came back downstairs. Both were dressed for outdoor dining, i.e., jeans 
and long-sleeved dark blouses. Dolores looked abashed. Kate was keeping 
her lovely lips pursed in a straight line, holding back a smile.
     "Dolores?" I called.
     "What?" she snapped. Then: "Sorry."
     "It's okay." 
     Kate was stifling a laugh. 
     "Would you help set the table, please? Silverware and glasses." I 
nodded toward the appropriate cupboard and drawers. 
     When she was outside, Kate said, "She really wants to do it with 
you."
     "If she feels the same way in five years, I'll be delighted."
     "I'm serious."
     I was cutting the steaks into New York strips. I stopped and turned 
to her, with an intense feeling of deja vu. "She told you?"
     "She's not a virgin, either. Hasn't been for a year."
     "She told you?" This is a recording -- a recording -- a
recording...
     "Sure. We have a good relationship."
     "And what do you think of this desire?"
     "I guess every young woman has a phase when she gets the hots for 
an older, male relative. Especially a good-looking one who has a
romantic lifestyle."
     "Oh, yeah. real romantic. Cooped up ten hours a day in front of a 
CRT, trying to turn obscure bits of fact into a coherent story. Dragging 
around the SEC or libraries. Hanging out for hours in some waiting room 
while the guy who won't return my calls ducks down the service elevator. 
About as romantic as driving a cab."
     "She just sees the byline on a New York Magazine cover or a book in 
the stores. She remembers the name on the Times list or a Tonight Show 
bit -- she taped it, you know." Kate smiled. "Yes -- romantic. Handsome. 
Single."
     "You still haven't told me what you think of this."
     She took a deep breath. I was glad she was dressed. "Well, if she's 
going to get it on with an older male, I think I'd prefer it be you. I 
know you, I like you and I trust you with her emotions."
     "She's too young -- "
     "She's mature enough."
     "And she's not big enough."
     "She turned you on."
     "Very much." I was about to say "But she's not big enough, in 
there" and do the cucumber routine again -- but then I remembered what 
Mark had told me. No, that was not the approach to take in this case. I 
just said, "I don't think it would be a great idea, Kate, and I'd prefer 
that it be discouraged."
     She nodded thoughtfully. "And that's one of the reasons why I'd 
trust you with her. Thank you."
     "Think nothing of it. Let's go grill some steaks."
     By the time the salad was dispensed, the steaks were done and it 
was full dark. I switched on some of the low-wattage electric lanterns 
so we could see what we were eating. The night was filled with stars, 
the steaks were juicy, the potatoes sizzling, the salad crunchy, the 
beer was cold, good company abounded -- heaven. We topped it off with 
the traditional toasted marshmallows (for the "kids," which included 
Kate) and some coffee cake for Mark and me. His spirits, which had been 
good during the meal, were sinking again. While Kate and the "kids" went 
into the house to play Scrabble, he started talking about looking for 
work. There were hints of the recession ending, but -- 
     "In my field, you work for a loser, you're marked as a loser."
     He went downhill from there. Through three more beers, he got 
progressively more morose. And less coherent. Never could hold his 
booze.
     The womenfolk came out to help clear the table. Kate looked at 
Mark, sitting stuporous across from me, and rolled her eyes. I gave her 
a little shake of my head. 
     "It's almost nine," she said. "Their train comes in at nine
thirty." The two girls helped me clear the table while Kate helped Mark 
clear the doorway and the Alpine climb to the bedroom. 
     "Gonna be quiet tonight," Penny said.
     "For a change," Dolores said.
     We were carrying our loads into the kitchen. "Who won the game?" I 
was trying to change the subject.
     "The shrimp."
     "Oh?" Penny was sticking her tongue out at Dolores.
     "Yep. Turned 'or' into 'fornicate.'"
     I stopped in my tracks and stared as they went to the counter. 
Penny glanced back at me and grinned impishly. "I read a lot," she said.
     I got the dishes loaded into the dishwasher machine, fueled it with 
soap and started the Infernal Machine. It always sounds more like a 
trash compactor, but it definitely does the dirty work. "I'm going to 
the station, now. There's cable on the TV in your room."
     Dolores made a face. "TV. Yuck."
     "Can I come with you?" Penny asked.
     "He doesn't want you going with him, you dope. He's going to be 
picking up Irene."
     "Who's a dope? Bonnie's going to be there, anyhow. Besides, how's 
he going to know who they are?"
     "Good point," I said. "Okay."
     "I'm coming, too, then," Dolores said. Penny flashed her a
murderous look. Dolores glared back. What the hell as going on?
     "Keep that up and you ride in the trunk. Go brush teeth and be out 
here in five minutes, ready to move out."
     I took the time to wash my face and change. Wanted to look good for 
Irene, heh-heh. Stripped off the shorts, swimsuit and jock, pulled on a 
pair of old Levi's and a clean shirt that emphasized my shoulders. 
Sneakers, no socks. The casual, self-assured, successful writer look. 
Irresistible, I hoped. Prayed.
     Some night creatures scattered into the bushes as we walked out to 
the driveway and somewhere over the Bay, on the other side of the road, 
an owl was hoo-hoo-hooooting. Penny was gawking at the stars. 
     I got into the van and asked her, "Coming?"
     "I never saw this many stars anywhere but at the Planetarium." She 
was awestruck. I liked that, a lot. 
     Dolores scrambled into the back passenger-side seat -- the van has 
four buckets -- and buckled herself in while Penny did the same in the 
front. We pulled out of the driveway and started through dark, twisty 
Eastern Long Island roads. No street lights and only two stoplights for 
the six miles to the station. At the first stop sign, I glanced into the 
rearview and saw what Dolores was doing to herself for my benefit.

Chapter Four

     Dolores was slumped down in her seat, her legs wide. She had pulled 
the very loose leg opening wider and high up on her thigh. She was 
pantyless. I know -- I could see her fingering her pussy through the 
leghole. And she was watching my eyes in the rearview.
     All in a flash, you should excuse the expression.
     I picked up speed from the intersection and pushed the limit a 
little. Like it or not, I was getting a tremendous hard on, and since I 
was bare under the Levis, it was going to be very, very apparent. I 
hoped we didn't get caught at either stoplight.
     Of course the first was bright red. 
     I glanced in the rearview. Dolores's eyes were half-closed. She was 
pinching her nipples through her tee-shirt with one hand. The other was 
still between her legs. She had one finger inside her cunt and another 
was working on her clit, just rubbing back and forth in little circles.
     Penny was chattering about how quiet it was out here. 
     "Yeah," I said. "Quiet. Real quiet."
     "Don't you think it's nice out here, Dolores?" 
     "Wonnerful," Dolores mumbled.
     The light changed just as Penny was about to turn to her sister. I 
floored it. The acceleration kept Penny facing forward -- the same 
direction as my dick, now aching and trapped in my jeans.
     We barely made the other stoplight on the yellow, just as Dolores 
was stiffening and shaking in the back seat. She was biting her lower 
lip and shivering with her orgasm. Her eyes slowly opened and she smiled 
at me and licked her lips.
     We turned into the well-lit parking lot for the little LIRR station 
as Dolores sat up straight and tugged her clothes into place. Then she 
licked the fingers that had been working between her legs, taking extra 
time to suck the one that had been inside her. Staring at me in the 
rearview.
     I put the van in park and asked Penny to go check the bulletin 
board on the door of the station, to be sure of the schedule. She 
complied willingly, scampering to the tiny ticket office, which was 
closed.
     "I want to do it with you," Dolores said. "Penny said you won't, 
because you think I'm too young. She said you think I'm not big enough, 
that your dick is too big. Lots of boys say that and -- "
     "Forget it. And don't pull this on me again." I was half-turned 
toward her, trying to sound tough and glare at here. All I could see was 
the memory-image of her tensed and cumming.
     "I tried to use a cucumber and it didn't fit," she continued. "But 
that was when I was twelve. And I don't think you're that big."
     She leaned forward suddenly and put her hand on my crotch. The move 
was so unexpected and quick that I didn't catch her in time. Her small 
hand came right down on my hard cock. I grabbed her wrist and she 
grabbed my dick. I heard her little gasp of surprise and her fingers 
relaxed -- after one quick, jerking squeeze that was almost enough to 
make me cum.
     She sat back in her bucket seat. Her eyes were wide, her mouth hung 
open and her nipples were spikes under her tee-shirt. She had her hands 
between her legs and she was twisting them, rubbing herself through her 
shorts. "Please, let me do it, let me do it..."
     She shook again. When she calmed, her eyes focused on me and she 
said, very clearly: "I'm going to have you before we go back to the 
city."
     The distant warning hoot of the diesel sounded. Penny came running 
back to the van. "The train is coming!"
     I smiled. "I'll be right out. Dolores, go wait with your sister."
     She just smiled and got out of the van, somehow making it
provocative. 
     I sat there a moment, pondering. She was sexy as hell and obviously 
knew what she was doing. What would be the harm? For one thing, I 
reminded myself, it was illegal. And thinking of what happened in prison 
to men convicted of rape -- even statutory -- of young girls, my boner 
began to shrivel. Unfortunately, my balls were starting to hurt.
     I groaned and got out of the van. I stood next to the girls as the 
train rumbled and whined to a stop. There were a few other people there, 
waiting to meet the arrivals. Among the greeters were a trio of teenaged 
boys who were meticulously studying Dolores and Penny.
     There was no problem recognizing Bonita and Irene. They were the 
two knockouts. Irene had grown up even lovelier than I'd remembered. And 
Kate hadn't been lying when she'd described Bonita.
     "Hi, hi, hello -- it's great to see you," I said quickly. Irene 
brightened the night with a glorious smile and Bonita grinned.
     "Hi, uncle Dan!" She gave me a quick peck on the cheek. 
     Broing!
     I covered by quickly taking both their bags. "Come on, let's get 
back to the house and unwind."
     Penny and Dolores chattered happily with the two women as I stowed 
the bags. Penny volunteered to take one of the swivel buckets in the 
back of the van so she could look out the rear window. I put Dolores 
behind me and Bonita next to her, figuring her sister's proximity would 
keep the little vixen in check. 
     Which, of course, meant Irene sat next to me. Sheer chance, of 
course.
     Broing!
     Bonita and Irene wore similar outfits -- old jeans and long-sleeved 
man-tailored flannel shirts against the cool eastern Long Island night. 
The shirts were tucked into the waists of the jeans, and man-tailored or 
not, they were well-filled. I glanced at Irene as I made a right, 
turning out of the parking lot. In profile, she was awesome. The fine, 
straight nose, the long lashes, the soft lips, the sandy hair pulled 
back in a ponytail -- gorgeous. And the thrust of those proud breasts 
against the shirt was enough to make a groan man cry. 
     We exchanged miscellaneous pleasantries during the drive back. 
Irene was on a week-long break. She'd been on the London-Orlando run for 
five weeks and was due for reassignment. She was hoping for New York-
Madrid. She'd read my last piece -- the Times magazine one about New 
York City's huge stock of empty, structurally sound housing left empty 
while poor folks slept in the streets -- and liked it a lot. 
     Bonita and Dolores were thick as thieves behind us, whispering with 
great animation. For some reason, that made me very nervous. As we 
pulled into the drive, both giggled and I caught Bonita staring at me as 
if making some judgment.
     When we got to the house, everybody was so busy with greetings that 
only Dolores -- and, possibly, Penny -- noted the guy with the flagpole 
in his pants. Dolores made a point of making me aware of her stare. 
     The others descended on the cold buffet Kate had assembled as I 
headed immediately into the bedroom to deposit the new arrivals' bags, 
then high-tailed it upstairs to my bedroom. I stripped, groaning at the 
relief of having my cock freed for a few minutes, and stepped quickly 
into my bathroom. I could hear an occasional lurch of group laughter 
from the main room downstairs. A cold, soaked wash cloth diminished my 
ardor to manageable levels. I pulled on a jock and my swimsuit, then 
ducked into a tee-shirt and padded downstairs barefoot.
     Bonita and Irene had pulled the hems of their shirts out of their 
jeans and were sprawled on the banquette in the bay window. Each had a 
can of brew and a sandwich and some potato chips. Kate was sitting in 
one of the wicker reading chairs. She'd turned it to face the others and 
not the fireplace. She looked so completely unaffected, all aglow with 
pleasure at having her loved ones around, that I again envied Mark. 
Dolores was sitting on the raised brick skirt of the fireplace, knees 
tucked up to her chest and the oversized tee-shirt tugged down to her 
ankles, so it covered her legs, too. Penny sat Amerindian style on the 
throw rug in front of the fireplace.
     They quieted as I approached. Girl talk. Uh-oh. They were all 
looking at me as I constructed one of my patented diet-killer sandwiches 
(slab of rye bread, dijon mustard, roast beef, slice of cheese, ham, 
slice of cheese, salami, slice of cheese, tomato, lettuce and another 
slab of rye, this one with Thousand Island dressing). I was passing up 
my usual slice of onion in hopes of a Close Encounter of the Irene Kind. 
Grabbed a bottle of Guinness stout. All the while, exchanging pleasant 
stupidities with the five of them. This is known as Small Talk. 
     "Where're you going, Mark?" Kate asked as I opened the screen door.
     I flipped the switch for the outdoor lights with my elbow. "Going 
to sit out here and read and eat and smoke my nasty pipe and let you 
female-type people get on with the talk that went into Pause Mode when I 
came down."
     Irene and Bonita erupted with laughter and I felt my ears redden 
for no tangible reason. Kate had one of her Cheshire cat smiles now and 
nodded as I left them. When I stepped into the pool enclosure, I
activated the Thermonuclear Bug Whackers and settled back onto the 
chaise lounge. Back to my Spencer!
     About sixty pages later, Penny came out and frumped down into the 
other chaise lounge. Her expression was annoyed.
     "What's up, pretty girl?"
     "Dolores is really pissed off at me."
     I closed Spencer and reached for my pipe; time for a refill. 
"Give."
     "Oh, Dolores said she was going to come out here for a swim. I 
whispered to Mom that she'd just be bugging you again and told her she'd 
been bothering you on the way to the station. So Mom told Dolores to 
stay with us. Dolores got pissed off and went into the bedroom and 
turned on MTV." Penny's evident disgust became more pronounced. "She 
hates MTV almost as much as I do. She did it just so I wouldn't go in 
there."
     I, on the other hand, actually liked limited doses of MTV.
Something was wrong with this picture. More importantly -- 
     "What do you mean, she was bothering me on the way to the station?"
     Penny rolled her eyes. "Oh, come on, Uncle Dan! Do you think I'm 
some stupid, naive little kid? Or do you think I'm blind? I saw what she 
was doing." She giggled with disarming suddenness. "And I know you saw 
it, too."
     I very nearly sprained my thumb packing the pipe. "Oh?" It sounded 
forced and strangled even to my own ears.
     "I saw how big and hard you got down there." Another giggle. "Are 
you going to -- " She paused, squinting, searching for the proper expression. 
" -- jerk off?"
     I groaned. "Penny, I don't think this is a really good subject for 
our conversation."
     Her expression became surprisingly hard. "One of the things I 
always liked about you was that you never treated me like a little kid. 
Until now. I know what the score is. With Mom and Dad going at it all 
the time and Dolores always in heat, how could I not know?"
     "Well, then, uh, why bother asking?"
     Suddenly, the Little Sophisticate was an uncertain kid again. She 
shifted around on the chaise and finally said, "Well, I just wondered, 
that's all."
     I was lighting my pipe, stalling her into telling more.
     "And, well, I just wondered if..."
     "What?"
     She shook her head rapidly. "Nothing. Never mind."
     "I think you asked me just because you wanted to watch me squirm. 
And I feel bad that you wanted to make me uncomfortable. Are you happy 
now?"
     Her shocked expression told me I was wrong. She stood abruptly and 
glared. "That's not true! I don't ever want you to be sorry I'm around!"
     "Then why'd you ask me that question?"
     "Because...I wanted you to let me watch you do it, okay? Are *you* 
happy now?" And she stalked off toward the gate.
     She turned abruptly. "Oh. I am supposed to enquire whether it is 
permissible for Bonita and Irene to swim in the pool at night." Very 
formal and grown-up.
     "You may inform the ladies that it is entirely permissible,
provided there are at least two people present at any given time."
     "Thank you."
     "You are most welcome. Good night..."
     She executed a sharp about-face and strode away.
     "...shrimp."
     Without looking back, she raised one arm over her head, Badfinger 
extended in the classic salute. But I saw her shoulders shake and knew 
she was laughing. Good. I returned to my Spencer. Hawk was on the case. 
The only question remaining in the last 20 pages was whether Susan 
Silverman was coming back to our hero. 
     I finished the pipe and the book at the same time (she did return). 
I gathered my detritus and headed toward the house. Now, what could I do 
to get Penny completely back to being my buddy? I glanced up at the 
stars. Orion's Belt twinkled at me. I waved back, saying thanks. I knew 
what to do.
     MTV was belting out from the bedroom and Kate was absent. "She went 
up to bed," Bonita said in response to my quizzical expression. She and 
Irene were talking softly and quietly. Penny was in a reading chair and 
she was engaged in -- oddly enough -- reading. I looked over her
shoulder. "Gravity's Rainbow." Sometimes that "kid" scared me. It took 
me two weeks to get through it and she was devouring it the way grown-
ups ate up romance novels.
     I put my dishes in the sink and went down to the basement. I exited 
the basement through the side door, then walked around to the side of 
the house, where the pool-enclosure lights were blocked. It didn't take 
long to set up the instrument, even in the dark; its fittings were 
familiar old friends. When I had it all aligned and ready, I went up 
onto the deck and cleared my throat at the screen door.
     "Anyone here interested in taking a look at Jupiter's moons through 
a Questar telescope?"
     Penny, slouching over her book, jerked upright in her seat, eyes 
wide. Her head swiveled slowly toward me. "A telescope?" she breathed.
     "Yep."
     I know her feet must have touched the floor somewhere between her 
chair and me, but I didn't observe it. I barely got the screen door open 
before she reached it. I'm still not sure she would have waited for it 
to open. "Jupiter's moons!" and she was dragging Uncle Dan into the 
darkness.
     "Over here, where the pool lights don't reach," I said, aiming 
about 80 pounds of Penny in the right direction.
     "Come on -- hurry!" she demanded, pulling 210 pounds of Uncle Dan 
helplessly in her wake. This, I figured, had to be what the skipper of a 
luxury superliner like the QE2 experiences when a tug ties on to it.
     "Wait, wait, wait," I said when we were in the shadows. I explained 
about night-sight and made her stand, fidgeting, with her eyes closed 
for the requisite 30 seconds. Then I showed her to the telescope and 
watched the fun. She had no trouble learning the fine controls so she 
could do her own tracking on her target. 
     She was grabbed by the eyeball, hunched over the instrument and 
immobile. Silhouetted in the night, I was struck with wonder at the 
intensity of her interest, the totality of her fascination. She was 
drinking in the night, sucking up the stars, and I doubted all the 
wonders of the universe could sate her hunger. In this, she was no 
different than any healthy kid. I thought of that most pitiful of 
creatures -- the school teacher who's been ground into apathy by
underfunding, disconnected parents, lack of community support and 
respect and generally shitty conditions. I was filled with a flare of 
rage at the unbelievable, wasteful stupidity of a society that allows 
anyone who voluntarily chose to teach the Pennys of the world to be 
forcibly jaded to the glorious miracle of that thirsty young mind. The 
fury burned so brightly that I wondered if I could glow in the dark, and 
I forced myself to be calm, tried to think of something else, to quench 
the anger or at least bank it as coals.
     I heard a distant splash. Ahhh, yes, the lovelies and their
midnight swim. I was about to excuse myself for a little recreational 
ogling when Penny asked if we could see Saturn. Well, no, since Saturn 
wasn't up. But Mars was and I sighted for her.
     Then I made my break.
     Big as I am, I walk very quietly. I don't like to disturb the other 
tenants on the land, the four-legged ones. So it was an accident. I 
intended to just walk through the gate of the pool enclosure and stand 
there in the light and try to chat up the young women -- primarily, 
Irene. And wax my eyeballs on the sight of them in their swimsuits.
     As it happens, at six-foot-five, I can see over the wooden fencing 
pretty easily long before I get to the gate. And they didn't hear me 
coming.
     They were standing in the shallow end, in waist-deep water, facing 
each other. Irene was just undoing the knot in the single strip of 
fabric holding up the top of Bonita's maillot. The water held it to her 
breasts, and then Irene peeled it down. Her lips were tracing the line 
of exposure.
     Broing!

Chapter Five

     In profile, Bonita's breasts were amazing. Pear-shaped and quite 
large, they were nonetheless defying gravity by jutting. Until that 
moment, I'd always thought Playmates were airbrushed into that thrust. 
Her nipples were hard and Irene was feasting on them, first one and then 
the other and then back, while caressing Bonita's sleekly curved waist 
and hips. Irene's nipples were very long and very hard inside the top of 
her strapless two-piece. Very long, as in maybe three-quarters of an 
inch. Considering how tight the stretch material was, that was pretty 
amazing all by itself.
     Bonita was shifting slowly from side to side, her hips rolling and 
her butt twitching. She ran her hands over Irene's head and shoulders 
and then gripped her face. She turned Irene's face toward her and 
fastened her mouth on Irene's. Their arms went around each other and 
they clinched, hands moving constantly. They fell to their knees, 
pressed together. The water was now at the level of their necks. When 
Irene pulled away, a bright blue strip floated in the water: her top. 
Bonita urged her to stand. As Irene stood, Bonita slicked the bottoms 
down over Irene's legs and just then I sensed someone approaching. 
     Penny!
     I turned and strode to intercept, but it wasn't Penny; it was Kate. 
I gestured for quiet, reached her in two strides and turned her toward 
the side of the house where her youngest daughter was still -- I hoped 
-- gazing at the heavenly bodies of her choice. 
     "I was just going to check on Bonita and Irene."
     "They're fine." I cleared my throat. 
     "Dan, why are you herding me? What are they doing?" She turned to 
face me and her hand brushed the tent in my pants. Her eyes got very big 
in the night as comprehension sank in. "They're not -- ?"
     "They're not hurting anyone," I said. She planted her heels and 
froze, staring at me in starlight.
     "You mean my sister and my daughter are lesbians?" she finally 
hissed, horrified.
     "I dunno, but right now they're lovers. Leave them alone."
     "But -- I feel so -- so -- "
     "Think how I feel. I've been fantasizing about Irene all evening."
     I never found out what she was about to say, because Penny came 
charging up: "You've gotta see this, Mom! It's amazing!"
     "Yeah, Mom, go take a look," I agreed. "I'm going to go get a 
beer."
     I heard quiet splashing in the pool. I was jealous of both women. I 
strode to the house, changing my mind about the beer. This called for 
brandy. Then I decided on beer again. In my state, a couple of belts of 
brandy would convince me that I should take up Dolores on her
invitation. 
     Which was when I realized there was no more MTV coming from the 
bedroom. But there was another sound. I crept to the door and listened. 
Panting and moans. And words, barely intelligible: "Oh yeah -- oh yeah 
-- gimme -- uh -- more -- unnnh -- more! -- harder! -- oh yeah! -- "
     Like that.
     Brandy.
     I put an unreasonable amount in the snifter and took it onto the 
front deck, the one that faces all the greenery that defends my house 
from the road and runs in front of the first-floor bedrooms. I sat on 
the Adirondack chair in front of the bedroom Irene and Bonita would 
occupy. Served three purposes. For one, it kept me away from the noises 
Dolores was making. For another, I'd know when my sapphic fantasy girls 
were done in the pool and I could go to the back deck. And, as long as I 
could hear Kate and Penny murmuring from the shadows at the side of the 
house, I'd know where they were.
     About two-thirds of the way through a bowl of my pipe tobacco, I 
heard the door to the bedroom open and close. I crept over to Dolores's 
door and listened. Silence. I picked up the remains of my brandy and 
went around to the side of the house, greeting Penny and Kate. 
     "I hate to break up the star search, but we've got to repack the 
telescope or condensation will form inside the housing."
     "Oh...okay." Penny was very polite about it. "Can we do it again 
tomorrow night, Uncle Dan? Please?"
     "Honey, he may have other plans," Kate cautioned.
     I bent and kissed Penny's forehead. "Sweetheart, you and me go on a 
tour of the heavens tomorrow. I'll set up the big one and we'll see if 
we can't spot Mons Olympus, okay?"
     "What's that?" Penny asked. "It sounds dirty!"
     "Penny!" Kate gasped.
     "Mons Olympus is on Mars and it's the tallest mountain we know of 
in our Solar System."
     The ladies helped me carry the telescope and tripod inside and 
Penny watched closely as I disassembled the mount and put everything 
back into its case. I bid both a friendly good night and then refilled 
the snifter, took my pouch and my pipe and myself out to the pool 
enclosure. I had an Elmore Leonard novel awaiting me.
     I was stretched out on the chaise and enjoying the silence when I 
heard, "Knock-knock?"
     I turned my head. Bonita. She was carrying two cans of beer and was 
wearing one of the terrycloth bathrobes I keep in the bathroom closet 
for guests to use.
     "Who's there?"
     "Banana. Knock-knock?"
     "Who's there?"
     "Banana. Knock-knock?"
     "Who's there?"
     "Orange."
     "Orange?"
     "Orange you glad it's not banana again?"
     I groaned. 
     "Now that I've ruined your evening, mind if I join you?" She still 
had the infectious grin. When Mark and Regina had been on the splits, 
Bonita and I had gotten to be good buddies. Somehow, she could always 
hit me with that grin when things seemed at their worst and before I 
could say "starving writer," I'd be grinning, too.
     "Come in and abuse me some more," I said, grinning back. She 
settled into the chaise opposite mine and then raised her eyebrows while 
staring at the brandy.
     "Oh?"
     "Oh." I closed "Double Dutch Treat" (I was halfway through "Cat 
Dancer") and put it down. 
     "Special occasion?"
     "You got it." I took a big slug of the brandy. "I'm disappointed. 
Doubly. Partly with you."
     She looked genuinely shocked. "Me? Why?"
     "I saw you and Irene in the pool."
     Her mouth sagged open, then slowly closed. She was about to speak, 
but I cut her off.
     "Disappointed -- not that you were making love with a woman, but 
that you didn't have the good sense to be more discrete about it. I was 
the one who stumbled onto you. It could have been Dolores."
     "She knows the score."
     "You got that right," I muttered.
     "Excuse me?"
     "Never mind," I said, louder. "Penny could have found you. Or your 
mother. She'd be horrified."
     "Mom's cool. What makes you think she'd be shocked?"
     "She was." I told her of the conversation Kate and I had.
     Bonita thought it over, then nodded. "Yeah, it was thoughtless." 
She drew a deep breath, let it out slowly. That caused some interesting 
tidal effects on her robe. "Well, I'm no lesbian. I like
women, too, but I like men." She turned a frown on me, drank some more 
beer and asked, "What was the other part of the disappointment?"
     "Irene."
     "Irene?" Then: "Oh!" She grinned.
     "Yeah, I've been hungry for her all evening."
     "But we only got here a couple of hours ago."
     "Yeah, well, I've been looking forward to some gorgeous single 
female-type company all evening."
     She finished the beer and automatically popped the tab on the 
second. "Haven't been getting any, eh?"
     "Oh, that's not it, so much."
     And bit by bit, she wormed it out of me about Dolores, and her 
games and come-on behavior. And she said essentially the same thing her 
mother and Penny had said.
     "But she's only 15, for crying out loud!"
     "How does it go? 'If they're big enough to bleed, they're big 
enough to' -- "
     "Bullshit. She's a kid. Sexy, gorgeous, horny -- but a kid."
     Bonita suddenly came over to me and kissed me lightly on the lips, 
then a bit less lightly. She caught me totally by surprise. Just as I 
began to react, she went back to her chaise lounge.
     "Explain," I managed to croak.
     "When I was 15, I had the most tremendous crush on you. I wanted 
you to make mad, passionate love to me. I tried everything I thought I 
could get away with to turn you on."
     "I remember. And you did turn me on."
     She smiled. "I know. But you never let me come on too strong -- 
never laid a glove on me. I thought I was ready for that, too, but maybe 
I wasn't, and if you'd taken me up on it, I might've had a really messed 
up head for a while. And you're resisting again, and Dolores sounds a 
lot more brazen than I dared to be."
     "That's for damn sure!"
     "So here's my poor Uncle Dan, all revved up by a lolita, all 
charged up for Irene -- and he finds Irene getting it on with his 
niece."
     "Worse than that, even."
     "Huh?"
     "Then his niece gives him a kiss and it tastes like Irene-juice is 
still on her face. I'm jealous!"
     "Of me or her?"
     "Both."
     It took a moment for that one to sink in. Then she came back beside 
my chaise lounge.
     "Really?" she whispered, staring me in the eye. "Really?" She bent 
over me, bracing her hands on the arms of the chaise lounge. The robe 
fell open at the top. She wasn't wearing anything I could see under that 
robe.
     "Really?" She repeated and pressed her lips to mine. I groaned into 
her open mouth and managed to restrain myself from throwing her down and 
fucking her.
     She finally raised her face and breathed, "You know, I still want 
you, a lot." As she spoke, she ran her fingers down over my arm, then 
across my hip and thigh and finally rested her hand on my cock. Her eyes 
widened as she gripped it.
     She stood straight and straddled the chaise lounge, letting her 
robe fall open. She moved forward till her neatly trimmed cunt was right 
over my face, then slowly lowered her crotch onto my more-than-eager 
mouth.
     She was juicy and sweet and very, very hot. I kept my eyes open and 
had a groundhog's view of her -- trim tummy, tiny waist, outrageous 
breasts, hard nipples...which I quickly reached up to tweak. As I licked 
her and sucked her, I ran my hands down and then around her back, 
finally fastening onto her firm, rounded ass. I pulled her down against 
my mouth and began teasing her clit. She was flowing now, bathing my 
face in her sauce. When I began circling her clit and she began shaking 
with her orgasm, she was drooling cunt juice into my mouth.
     She straightened slowly, then moved down on the lounge. She reached 
down and unfastened the zipper and waist-snap of my jeans. My cock bobbed 
up, purple and angry at the long confinement.
     She moved to one side of the lounge and dropped to her knees as she 
gripped my aching dick. 
     "It's so big, I -- " She looked up at me. "I don't think I'm up for 
something this size, tonight -- but I will be tomorrow."
     I groaned as she began moving her hand on my cock. Oh, well, I 
thought, a handjob from her would be better than my own, at least. And 
she had promised to do better tomorrow.
     "But I want you in my mouth tonight -- now!" And then she ducked 
her head down and gobbled about a third of my prick before she reached 
her limit. She didn't try to be arty about it. She just latched on and 
went into leech mode, sucking and jerking.
     Thirty seconds passed. All of thirty seconds.
     "I'm gonna cum!" I breathed hoarsely.
     She sucked harder and jerked harder and then I let loose. She made 
a soft noise, as if she'd been hit in the back with a pillow, then 
swallowed and sucked for oil. Some of my cum ran out of the corners of 
her mouth, but she never stopped sucking as I fired off again and then 
the semen just poured out of me in one continuous, blissful stream. She 
kept sucking and tonguing until I was done and then swallowed with a 
loud GULP.
     I lay limp as she let my shrinking cock fall from her mouth. She 
rested her face on my thigh and stroked my shriveling prick with the 
tips of her fingers. After a few seconds, she raised her face to look at 
me, questioning. I motioned to her and she quickly crawled up into my 
arms and pressed herself against me. We kissed a couple of times. I 
could taste Irene and me in her mouth. 
     "I've wanted to do that for so long," she whispered, snuggling.
     "Me, too."
     "Really?"
     I stroked her back through the robe. "Truth."
     She giggled. "Still want Irene?"
     "Well, uh..."
     "Truth?" she admonished.
     "Yes."
     "Me, too. I better get going."
     "Into bed with Irene."
     "I want to do this again."
     "Give me ten minutes."
     "Braggart. Tomorrow. Please?"
     "I could never refuse you anything; you know that."
     She stood and stretched, arms high over her head and robe swinging 
open to reveal those gorgeous breasts.
     "Don't forget to wash your face and brush your teeth."
     "I'm not going to," she said, dropping her arms abruptly. I want 
her to taste you on me. Make her a little jealous!"
     "Of you or me?"
     She grinned. She bent, tucked my cock back into my pants, zipped 
and fastened me with deft efficiency.
     "Maybe both," she replied and strode back to the house.
     It took a minute for that one to sink in.

Chapter Six

     I have a little nook near the back of the property, a bit of clear 
lawn set back into the otherwise uninterrupted brush and trees. I have a 
pair of cheap, folding beach chairs and a painted steel table meant to 
hold an umbrella in the middle, but without the umbrella; I had trees. 
You can't sit back there after about eight in the morning, because all 
the mosquitoes and flies and other bugs are up by then and they want 
breakfast, i.e., my flesh. 
     But at six-thirty or so, it's lovely. The hares and squirrels and 
even the occasional pheasant know they have nothing to fear from me and 
sometimes pop their heads up to watch me eat my toasted English or drink 
my coffee. All of them scatter when I light my pipe. Hence the term, 
"dumb animals."
     It was a glorious morning and I had it all to myself so far. I 
didn't feel nearly as hung over as I deserved to feel, and I was feeling 
pretty cocky (you should excuse the expression) after Bonnie's oral 
expression of lust. I figured the rest of the crew would sleep in. They 
were used to city air or canned air, and something in the clear air out 
here makes folks sleep hard and late.
     I sat there, contentedly doing in my second mug of coffee and 
reading the Friday Newsday and smoking my pipe. It must have been around 
seven-thirty when she lowered herself into the other beach chair and sat 
a mug of coffee on the table.
     Irene. 
     She was wearing a cotton halter, strapless. The cotton was thin, 
the cotton was white and the cotton was tight.
     So were my jeans, suddenly.
     I couldn't see her eyes behind the big sunglasses. Her hair was all 
disheveled in that unmistakable Just Got My Cookies tousle.
     "Good morning, Uncle Dan." A smile was twitching at the corners of 
her mouth.
     "Well, good morning to you, Irene. And what's with the 'Uncle Dan' 
business?"
     "I understand that's what all your fans call you."
     "Now, look, Irene -- "
     "Shhhh. *You* look." She stood. She was wearing a pair of cut-off 
denim shorts, old, often washed, faded and shrunk to fit like an extra 
layer of very taut flesh. She popped the waist snap and tugged down the 
zipper. Alllll the way down. She pushed the denim down to mid-thigh. Her 
pubic hair was close-cropped and neatly trimmed to a small tuft around 
her very swollen labia. I could see her rather prominent clitoris 
through the curls. "Even though Bonnie already had breakfast, I'm sure 
there's some leftovers, but we wouldn't want anyone to see, sooooo...."
     And she pulled the shorts back up, zipped and fastened them -- and 
sat down again. Smiling. Her nipples were rock hard inside the halter. 
"Questions?"
     "Hammana-hammana-hammana."
     "Bonnie and I are going to tease you unmercifully."
     "More?"
     "Much more. And we just know Dolores isn't going to let up on you, 
either."
     "Who told you?"
     "Bonnie. And Kate is going to be just keep on being sexy, casual, 
earth-mother Kate."
     "You're planning to kill me this way, right?"
     "And this afternoon, when Dolores and Penny come out in their 
teeny-tiny bathing suits and go down the road to the beach, those cute 
little buns all twitchy, and Mark takes Kate upstairs for some more 
yowling, Irene and I are going to do all sorts of lovely, lickety, 
squishy, sucky things."
     I groaned.
     "And you can join us -- if you can find us." She smiled broadly. 
Then stood, turned and sashayed back to the house. My cock throbbed in 
time with her steps.
     I sat there long after my pipe had gone out, long after I'd
finished my coffee, long after I'd finished the paper. I had to. Because 
it took a long time for my cock to deflate to a sufficiently decent 
level that I could dare enter the house.
     As it was, Dolores nearly knocked me down. She was wearing track 
shorts, a track shirt and Serious Running Shoes. "Hi, Uncle Dan. Going 
jogging. See you later." And then she was gone, out the door.
     But not before planting a big, wet kiss right on my lips -- which, 
given the disparity in our heights, meant she had to jump up and cling 
to me with her arms around my neck and all her sweet young lovelies were 
pressing into my body.
     Broing!
     I had just put my cup and plate down on the kitchen counter when 
the door to Irene and Bonnie's bedroom opened and they came out, also in 
jogging attire. 
     "Good morning, ladies."
     "Oh, look, he remembers us!" Bonnie said, pointing at my crotch.
     "And he's going to be tracking us," Irene said.
     "Hah!" Bonnie replied. "He hates jogging."
     "No findee, no nookie," Irene admonished.
     Exit two bi-beauties, stage left. Leaving me standing there with a 
pole in my pants and aching nuts.
     I decided there was no hope for it but to hit the cold shower. Or 
maybe a morning swim. I grabbed my swim trunks from the closet in the 
bathroom and shut the door. I was just about to deal with the challenge 
of getting Mr. Pecker into my swimsuit when I heard a muffled moan. I 
stood still and closed my eyes, straining to hear. With success. It was 
coming from Penny and Dolores's room. Was Penny having a nightmare? 
She'd been plagued by them when she was just a tyke.
     I pulled my jeans back on, dick rapidly deflating as my
concentration shifted, and went to the bedroom door. I opened it just a 
crack. Penny was not having a nightmare. Penny was moaning constantly, 
but the volume rose and fell in time with the movements of her hands 
between her legs.
     Broing!
     Yes, there was little Penny, eyes closed and hair a mess on her 
pillow. She had her tee-shirt rolled high around her waist and her legs 
were high and wide with her knees bent and her toes curled. And she was 
working a plastic vibrator up and down against the hairless lips of her 
pre-teenybopper pussy -- which, incidentally, was swollen and red. And 
glistening -- just like the vibrator. 
     She was rubbing faster and faster, her narrow hips jiggling. Her 
nipples looked like they were on the verge of poking through the tee-
shirt and she had caught her lower lip between her teeth. She was almost 
there, grunting with passion.
     Suddenly, she shifted the vibrator and began pressing it into her 
cunt while furiously fingering her clit with her other hand. It wasn't a 
big vibrator, but she had a minuscule pussy and I doubted she was going 
to get anywhere.
     Bit by bit, though, she drove the white plastic toy deeper and 
deeper into her tiny cunt. Her wee labia were stretched so thin that 
they looked ready to snap, but she obviously knew what she was doing -- 
because she groaned and let her legs fall almost back to her shoulders 
and pushed all but maybe two inches in her. Her moans rose in pitch and 
she stiffened -- and then shuddered and jerked in orgasm. She continued 
working the vibrator in and out, continued rubbing her clit, drawing out 
the orgasm for all it was worth, before she finally groaned in
satisfaction and relaxed. Her cunt seemed to expel the vibrator of its 
own accord. Her legs fell back flat to the bed and she lay there
gasping, eyes still closed, as she turned off her little friend. Then 
she rolled onto her side, facing away from the door and sighed deeply.
     Before I closed the door, I feasted on the sight of her hard little 
ass and the peach of her pussy peeking from between her firm young 
thighs.
     My thoughts were churning as I went back into the bathroom and got 
into my swim trunks. I didn't even bother with the jockstrap. Speed was 
my only hope now -- get to the pool and start swimming to calm the 
Savage Beast. Speed and silence. 
     I opened the bathroom door and Penny nearly fell into me; she'd 
just been reaching for the doorknob. She was still in her tee-shirt, 
still flushed, reeking of sex -- and holding the vibrator in her other 
hand.
     She paled, then blushed. Without a word, she spun and darted into 
the bedroom. I stalked through the house to the back door -- dong still 
stiff -- and headed for the pool.
     I swam twenty laps before my cock started deflating. It was another 
ten before I felt I could safely hoist myself from the pool and stretch 
out, still dripping, on the chaise lounge. I was panting and my
shoulders and legs ached pleasantly from the exertion. I guess it was 
around ten, because the shadow of the big oak was covering me and there 
was a slight breeze -- enough that I felt cool, but not chilly, even in 
the wet trunks. After a little while, I rolled onto my stomach. I must 
have dozed, because Kate's voice startled me awake.
     "How're you feeling, Dan?"
     "G'morning, Kate. A little drowsy, but not as hung over as I 
deserve to be. You?"
     "Pretty good. This fresh air knocks me out. Mark's still cutting 
logs." I heard the chaise lounge next to me creak as she settled onto it 
and laid back. I turned my head to face her. She was wearing one of 
Mark's old shirts and a pair of loose shorts. She held a mug of coffee 
on the flat part of her belly. "Have you seen the girls?"
     "Dolores and Irene and Bonita went out jogging."
     "Together?" She sounded surprised.
     "Dolores left first. I guess Penny's still sacked out."
     "She was just getting out of the bathroom when I came down." There 
was a long silence and I sensed something coming. "Dan?"
     "Ummm?"
     "Has -- has Mark said anything to you...about us?"
     Uh-ohhh... "Us?"
     "Mark and me. Me, in particular."
     "About what?"
     "You know, about marriage-type stuff."
     "You're already married. I was there, remember?"
     She chuckled. "No, silly -- about how our marriage is going. Like 
the sex part, in particular."
     "He's told me he still gets a hard-on every time he looks at you. 
And from the air-raid siren I heard yesterday, I'd say you don't
object."
     Another long pause. "Dan, I think he wants some variety in our sex 
life."
     "Like what?"
     "Like swapping."
     "As I do not have a regular lady any more, I'm not surprised he 
hasn't mentioned it to me. And he's never indicated any interest in 
another woman to me."
     She sighed. "I think -- I think he wants to swap me. Around. As in 
have other guys do me while he watches."
     "Has he said that?"
     "No, but he keeps talking like he doesn't think he's enough for me, 
like maybe he doesn't satisfy me."
     "What has he said or done to indicate it?"
     "He keeps asking me if I wish he had a bigger dick or if I ever 
fantasize about it, or having other men."
     "And have you?"
     She raised the coffee mug and sat up. "Well -- sure, I guess so. 
Just before I met Mark, I had a fling with a guy who was...enormous. 
That's the only word for it. But I didn't love him, so it was nice and 
interesting but not really special. And Mark's more than enough for me. 
I keep telling him that, but he keeps asking and asking and now I'm 
starting to get curious. It's like he put this idea there and -- Oh 
shit, here comes Penny."

Chapter Seven

     Oh Shit was right. Between Kate's talk and the memory of Penny 
masturbating with the plastic vibrating bullet -- 
     Broing!
     Kate stood and Penny stepped into the pool enclosure. "Hi, Uncle 
Dan." Her voice was neutral. She was wearing her swimsuit.
     Kate: "Penny, why don't you rub Uncle Dan's shoulders for him? He's 
laying like they ache."
     "Okay." Neutral. 
     "Want anything from the house, Dan?"
     A rescue would have been nice, I thought. "Uh, no thanks."
     "Okay. I'm going for a walk up to the farmer's market. See you 
later."
     "Uh-huh."
     Penny came up on my blind side, sat on the edge of the chaise and 
began kneading my shoulders. She was actually pretty good.
     "Uncle Dan?"
     "Yes, muffin?"
     "Uh, about this morning, when I walked in on you..."
     "Our secret."
     She bent and kissed the back of my neck.
     "Is it yours or Dolores's?"
     She hesitated in her massage, then resumed. "Hers."
     "How long have you been using it?"
     "About a year. It's her third one; she wore the other two out, I 
guess." A giggle.
     "Do you use it much?"
     "I don't get much chance." Her hands were moving lower on my back. 
"I watched her using it once and it looked like a lot of fun, so I tried 
it and liked it."
     "Put it inside?" 
     "Um-hm." Her answer confirmed that she was unaware I'd seen her 
masturbating.
     "It hurt the first time," I said, keeping my tone even.
     "And how! I was afraid I'd ruptured something, but it stopped 
bleeding pretty fast and was only sore for a day or two. I went and got 
books and read up and realized what I'd done. I tried it again and it 
didn't hurt at all. Want me to do your legs?"
     "Sure, please. You're doing a great job." Of making me crazy.
     She began doing my calves, smoothly and expertly. "I really like 
it. I can't wait to try the real thing." She started working on my 
thighs. "I imagine I'm with my favorite man in the whole world -- next 
to Dad, I mean -- and he's kissing me and inside me and ....oooo." I 
could feel her shiver. "That's what I was imagining this morning."
     Her hands were awfully high on my thighs.
     "And then, when I was going into the bathroom to clean off my toy, 
there he was -- the man I fantasize about!" she whispered -- and reached 
up the leg of my swim-trunks to grab my achingly hard cock.
     "Penny!"
     She was squeezing and jerking my dick.
     "I want to make you ejaculate," she breathed. I couldn't move. I 
felt her lips on my back as my nuts tightened. She kept jerking. "I want 
to see it!" In about thirty seconds, she was going to get her wish -- 
all over her little hand and wrist. I thought fast. 
     "Ouch! You're hurting me!"
     She withdrew her hand as if she'd been scalded. I turned over and 
saw the horror on her face. "I'm sorry, Uncle Dan! Please! I didn't mean 
to hurt you!"
     I sat up, the front of my trunks bulging menacingly. Penny was 
wearing her swimsuit. Her nipples were rigid and the crotch of the suit 
was dark and wet. 
     "I'm really sorry! Please tell me how to do it right!"
     "Penny -- " I took her shoulders in my hands. "Penny, I lied -- you 
didn't hurt me. You were doing it exactly right. But I don't want you to 
do that with me."
     "But -- why? Don't you like me?"
     "I love you, muffin, but if we start doing that stuff, well -- we 
could never be the same together. Every time we saw each other, that's 
all we'd be thinking about. Not star-gazing, or hares, or bad jokes, or 
Scrabble -- just sex. I can get sex from anyone; that other stuff is 
special for you and me and I don't want to trade it."
     Which, I thought, sounded pretty good coming from a middle-aged guy 
with a ten-inch boner talking to a 11-year-old nymphet who was begging 
to get his rocks off.
     She looked very somber -- and very sexy and aroused, too. After a 
couple of seconds she nodded slowly. "I understand...I think. I love 
you, too, you know."
     "I know."
     She launched herself at me and gave me a big, friendly hug -- which 
left me with an armful of lithe, aroused girl. After a moment, she 
pulled back and said, "Something has come between us."
     "Huh?"
     She rocked a little bit in my lap, rubbing her Tricot-covered cunny 
on the wooden soldier that had come between us. I felt my face warm.
     "Up."
     She climbed out of my lap carefully. "Gee, you're going to have 
blue balls now, aren't you? I'm sorry."
     Not as sorry as I was. "Muffin, I had blue balls anyhow, what with 
your sister flirting and Irene running around half-dressed."
     "Can I watch you masturbate now?"
     "You can watch me swim." I stood.
     "Does it help?"
     "Not enough." I turned and hurled myself into the pool, making a 
splash that drenched her.
     "Oh, you -- you -- you butt-head!" She yelled -- and then shrieked 
and dove in after me. I let her almost catch me a couple of times, then 
looked up as Bonita and Irene approached.
     "Come on in!" Penny yelled. "Help me catch him!"
     Irene and Bonita smiled and shook their heads. They were still 
flushed from their morning run and panting for breath. Both were coated 
with a fine gleam of perspiration, which was now soaking their running 
shirts nicely against their heaving breasts. Both wore jogging bras, of 
course. 
     "Come on!" Penny yelled, half-wading, half-swimming from the 
shallow end toward me.
     "Let us get our suits, shrimp," Bonita managed to gasp.
     "You -- poopheads!" Penny shouted and turned to splash them. Pretty 
good shot, too. She inspired me.
     "Yeah, come on, you poopheads!" I taunted and added my splashing to 
hers. They were pretty well soaked now.
     "What're you doing?" Irene demanded.
     Bonita finished peeling off her shirt, then shrugged out of her 
shorts. "I don't want to be a poophead," she said. "Let's you and me 
avenge ourselves upon them."
     Irene was already following suit, or un-suit. 
     The jogging bras were pretty formidable and the panties were plain 
white cotton -- but the sweat-soaking and splashing had rendered the 
latter nearly transparent and former highly intriguing. So much so that 
they almost caught me by surprise when they hurled themselves into the 
pool and answered fire with splashing of their own. Bonnie went after 
Penny and Irene charged me, sporting a mischievous smile. Just as Irene 
reached me in the deep end, I sent myself plummeting feet-first toward 
the bottom of the pool and struck out toward the shallow end. I came up 
behind Bonita, scooping her with my arms under her knees and back. I 
turned and tossed her toward the deep end. 
     Irene caught up with me and jumped onto my back from behind, 
wrapping arms and legs around me so I had to feel every one of her ripe, 
abundant curves. 
     "Help me, Penny!" I cried in mock terror. My little Muffin came up 
behind Irene and yanked her panties down, exposing Irene's ass. Irene 
yelped in surprise and fell away from me. I turned to meet Bonita's 
charge. I picked her up and tossed her back where she'd come from. 
     Then another, smaller form was wrapped around me from behind and 
this one did not have the benefit of a bra.
     "Dolores!" Penny shrieked.
     "Get him, girls!" Irene yelled.
     "CHaaaaarge!" From Bonita.
     Dolores was spending more effort writhing -- to imprint her curves 
on my flesh -- than trying to dunk me. Penny tried the butt-baring trick 
on Dolores with a predictable lack of response from her oversexed 
sister. And Irene wasn't so much trying to bring me down as drive me 
crazy with accidental gropings. 
     When Bonnie wrapped her arms around my waist and heaved, Penny 
tried to pull her away, then tried unsnapping Bonita's bra -- which 
Bonnie ignored. And I have no doubt that Irene's floating bra was the 
result of Irene's keeping her vow of "teasing unmercifully."
     But in the end, I said loudly, "I give! I give!" and let myself be 
pulled forward into the water. Irene gave my cock one last, relentless 
tug through my trunks before swimming away and Dolores began humping her 
pussy mound against my back as Bonita swam away, topless, under the 
water. I finally shrugged Dolores off me and stood. 
     "Run for it, Muffin," I told Penny quietly. She nodded and eased 
her way to the side of the pool.
     "Ladies," I announced, just as a topless and pantyless Dolores 
stood, grinning lewdly in front of me. "Ladies, I lied." I grabbed 
Dolores around the waist and hurled her shrieking into the deep end, 
then grabbed Bonita around the waist and did the same. Irene, just 
standing in the neck-deep area, registered my deception just as I 
reached her. Before she could react, I held her before me, kissed her 
deeply on the lips, then flicked her backwards to join the other two. 
Then I hurried out of the pool. Penny was waiting by the entrance to the 
pool enclosure. Her eyes sparkled.
     "I saw that," she said, half-accusing, half-teasing.
     "Wanna join them?"I nodded toward the pool.
     "If I get a kiss, too."
     "Grrrrr."
     "Either you kiss me or... "
     "Or what?"
     "Piggyback to the house!"
     I laughed and crouched. She climbed aboard and behaved herself 
almost all the way to the house. Whereupon she kissed the back of my 
neck, and added a little tongue-work for good measure.
     I let her down carefully and turned. "You are incorrigible," I 
pronounced, shaking my finger at her menacingly. 
     She made as if to bite said finger and said, "And you, Uncle Dan, 
are fully aroused."
     I went upstairs to shower and change, carefully locking the door. 
Nonetheless, ten minutes into my shower, I heard a voice whisper through 
the door, "Want me to do your back?" I thought it might be Bonita or 
Irene, but it could have been Dolores or even Penny.
     "Scat, poltergeist!" I hissed and turned up the cold water.
     When I came downstairs twenty minutes later, Penny was on the deck, 
a bag of Beach Stuff next to her. "Where's the rest of the brigade?"
     "I think Irene and Bonnie are changing clothes."
     "And Dolores?'
     "Here I am!"
     I turned. Dolores was again semi-wearing her swimsuit and had a big 
towel wrapped sarong-style around her tight hips. She was wearing 
sandals and carrying a beach bag. She had on sunglasses and a huge-
brimmed straw hat. She was wearing a pale lip gloss that accentuated the 
fullness of her mouth. She looked like an ad for 20 years in Attica for 
statutory rape. "Ready, shrimp?"
     "It's about time!" Penny said, bouncing up. "Let's head for the 
beach." She motioned. I bent, tense, and then relaxed as she gave me a 
kiss on the cheek. "See you later, Unk."
     Dolores, of course, demanded equal time and played her role to the 
hilt: a chaste peck on the cheek and "See you later, stud."
     They were just leaving when the gardening crew arrived. I pay them 
to come out once a week and do the trim and clip routine. They also 
fertilize as necessary and mulch when it's time.
     As they turned to watch Dolores, I could tell all three were 
thinking of fertilization. 
     "Good morning, Meester Dan."
     "Good morning, Mister Hector." We grinned at each other. It was a 
family operation, all Mexican, and they insisted on calling me Mister 
Dan, so I insisted on calling them Mister Hector, Mister Miguel and 
Mister Ed (he didn't like Eduardo and laughed heartily when I explained 
about the old TV show). Ed was Miguel's father.
     "Very pretty. They are your, uh, nieces?" I had a neighbor a half 
mile up the road, toward the beach, who frequently entertained a flock a 
"nieces"; some of them might even have been of legal age.
     I laughed. "They call me 'uncle,' but they're really my second 
cousins. Their folks and a friend are staying with me this weekend."
     "I think that maybe in a couple of years, one of them could stay 
here without mama."
     "They grow up fast. She is only 15 now, but when she's 19...?"
     He nodded. "I thought she had more years. Perhaps I should tell 
Miguel" -- his nephew -- "not to dream too much."
     I smiled. "As you see fit, but she is smart for her years."
     "Ah, such a beautiful day."
     I went back into the house and he turned to his brother and nephew. 
In a few minutes, I heard the mower mowing, the trimmer trimming and the 
unique sound of electric shears pruning away. I set about running the 
dishwasher, then gathered loose laundry -- mostly towels and some of my 
clothes -- for a run in the basement washing machine. While the two 
mechanical slaves chugged away, I inventoried the larder, making up my 
shopping list.
     Kate strolled in twenty minutes later, a sack of fresh herbs in one 
hand. It's about a two-mile walk to the farmer's market, a third of it 
on an unshaded road, so she was a little damp. I gave her a rundown on 
where her family and my fantasy girl were. When I told her Bonnie and 
Irene were "changing clothes," her eyebrows went up -- it had been a 
long time for a change of clothes -- but almost immediately, they 
emerged from the bedroom, looking conspiratorial. Bonita must have 
passed some sort of signal to her step-mother, because she and Kate 
abruptly were sitting on the banquet in the bay window, murmuring.
     Irene was wearing a bathing suit bottom and a midriff-baring cutoff 
tee-shirt and, quite obviously, nothing else. She poured herself a cup 
of coffee from the carafe and seemed about to speak when Hector knocked 
on the screen door.
     He nodded past my shoulder at Irene. "I think it's a good thing 
we're finished," he said.
     I grinned. "And I have three more days of this to endure."
     "Such suffering. It is possible that Miguel must return later to 
finish clearing out the brush in the back of the yard. I explained to 
him about your guests, but he is only 16 and you know how much a young 
man likes to do his job well."
     "I quite understand. He would be most welcome. He is a good man. I 
will be taking my cousins to dinner tonight, but I would not be
surprised if Dolores -- the fifteen-year-old -- preferred to stay home. 
You know how young women of that age are."
     "Yes, young people can be so moody."
     "But feel free to have Miguel come by to finish his work around six 
or so."
     He smiled and nodded and they were gone.
     Mark, Kate, Penny and Irene didn't know it yet, but we were going 
to dinner. Dolores was going to have to fend for herself. I hoped it 
would sate her lech. This might work out after all, I thought --
erroneously.
     Irene came up to me and asked for a tour of the grounds. Who was I 
to refuse? I let her out on the sundeck and began showing her all the 
little touches of the yards -- the hidden bird feeder, the warren where 
the hares' kits were happily growing, the tomato patch with its useless 
scarecrow. I kept sneaking glances at her tits and, when she bent over 
one tomato plant, her ripe ass.
     She turned to me there and excused herself. "Too much coffee," she 
said and scurried for the house. I shrugged and went out to check the 
pool and see if a cleaning was in order. Then I heard what her younger 
ears had picked up sooner: Kate's wails. Mark was up. Probably awake, 
too. Which meant that Bonnie and Irene -- 
     Broing!
     I spun and strode quickly toward the house, I started searching 
while the ululating cries from the upstairs bedroom grew and waned. I 
checked Bonnie and Irene's room: nothing. Penny and Dolores's: zip. 
Outdoors? Seemed unlikely, as Bonnie didn't know the grounds well enough 
to suggest a rendezvous and there was too much chance my tour would 
stumble upon her. Basement workshop? Maybe, but a long shot.
     Of course.
     I crept barefoot up the stairs. I could hear Kate's choking cries 
of pleasure and Mark's grunts of effort all the more clearly. I stepped 
into my bedroom, expecting to find my fantasy come true ... but the big 
bed was empty. I was about to start searching the grounds when I heard a 
soft sound of pleasure from the walk-in closet.
     I opened the doors wide.
     Bonnie sat Indian-fashion, face turned up and tongue lapping 
happily at the drooling cunt of Irene, who stood with knees bent and 
spread, straddling her.
     Irene turned heavy-lidded eyes on me. "Oh! We've -- oh! -- been 
discovered! Oh!"
     "Alright you two -- out of the closet and into the sheets!"

Chapter Eight

     Bonnie reached over with one hand and slowly unzipped my jeans.
     Irene just said, "Oh!"
     I helped balance Irene on her quivering legs with one hand, helped 
Bonita stumble to her feet with the other and guided both to my bed. 
They tumbled into a heated clinch on the bed, legs twining, lips
fastened together, all sinuous and nubile and writhing. I wondered if 
they even noticed me stripping next to the bed, but then Irene leaned up 
and reached over to run her hand down over my chest and stomach to my 
cock. She gripped it just when Bonita's lips began gripping her left 
nipple; both women held on for dear life. She rolled over into a three-
point pose -- both knees and one arm -- and began crawling toward me. 
She got her lips on my cock just as Bonita slipped beneath her, with her 
face at Irene's neatly trimmed cunt. Bonnie reached up with both hands 
around Irene's full ass and pulled her cunt down at the very moment 
Irene began pumping her mouth on my cock. 
     Irene was sucking my dick in time with Bonnie's tonguing of her 
cunt. I reached down and under, cupping her lush tits in my hands. I 
found and pinched her stiff nipples and she sucked urgently, her hips 
rolling above Bonnie's eager mouth. She jerked her hand on my shaft and 
I warned her I was going to cum in her mouth.
     She knelt up straighter and wrapped her arms around me as I bent to 
her. I kissed her hungrily, savoring the feeling of her large breasts 
rubbing against my chest. I felt a hand on my cock and an inventory 
showed it to be Bonnie's.
     "I want you in me," Irene breathed into my mouth. She twisted away 
and reversed herself above Bonnie, her face already between Bonnie's 
widespread legs as I moved up behind her. 
     Bonnie pulled my cock down into her mouth and gave me a quick, 
hungry suck, before guiding me to the entrance of Irene's hot cunt.
     "I'm next," Bonnie whispered.
     I groaned and then groaned again as I felt the heat of Irene's wet 
cunt moving down my cock. She was tight and very, very wet and her pussy 
muscles kept spasming and clenching on me as Bonnie licked at her clit 
-- with occasional side trips to my balls.
     No way was I going to last more than a few minutes. The sight of 
Irene's gorgeous butt, all outthrust and upthrust and swaying in time to 
my strokes, and Bonnie's lickings would have been enough in itself. So 
would the sight of my dick alternately spreading her pussy lips and 
driving them into her cunt. So would the moans and gasps of the pair. 
Ditto the quivering, hard-nippled masses of Bonnie's tits or the tautly 
swaying loveliness of Irene's boobs. I didn't have a chance. Five 
minutes of this and I was -- 
     "Cumming! I'm cumming!"
     It is possible to be so turned-on and so frustrated that when the 
moment of relief comes, it's too much of a necessity to be as
pleasurable as it could. This was one of those moments. The cum just 
poured out of me, almost painful in its haste to crowd out of my cock. 
After the first shot, Bonnie held my spasming nuts in her palm. After 
the second, she pulled my erupting prick out of her sapphic lover's cunt 
and sucked my glans into her mouth. She nursed at me, sucking down my 
jism like mother's milk. Lots of milk.
     She kept sucking even after I finished cumming. My nuts felt like 
they wanted to cum again and my dick stayed mostly hard. When her face 
tightened with the orgasm Irene was lavishing on her, she sucked wildly 
and I was suddenly completely hard again.
     She stopped suddenly, pulled my raging dick out of her mouth and 
grinned up at me -- grinned, yet had a look of pure lust in her face. 
"My turn," she breathed.
     I could only nod. My hands trailed across Irene's lovely ass and 
her lower back as she shifted, then reversed herself on the bed. As 
Bonnie arranged herself, beautiful tight butt pointing at me, for a 
resumption of their sixty-nine, Irene drew the tip of my dick into her 
mouth. Not the glans -- just the very tip. She had her mouth fastened 
against it in a kind of half-kiss that covered only the slit and part of 
the glans. She was sucking furiously on that small section and her 
tongue waggled against me. I bit my lip to stifle a scream; the
sensation was excruciating.
     Irene finally relented and guided my achingly swollen cock to my 
niece's -- sorry; second cousin's -- cunt. As soon as I began to push, I 
began to worry. Bonnie was 19, experienced, sopping wet and extremely 
aroused. She was also very tight and Irene's tongue on her clitoris 
wasn't helping matters. It took a real effort on both our parts. She 
pushed up and back while I pushed down and in, sort of -- sort of 
because my cock started to bend before her cunt finally gave way and 
admitted my glans.
     It was a good thing I'd just cum or I would have let loose right 
then and there. Her pussy was spasming on me, orgasming, and it seemed 
to suck on my cock. I could hear her groaning into Irene's cunt as I 
pushed deeper and deeper, and that was a surprise -- not only was Kate 
still wailing from the bedroom across the hall, I was groaning, myself, 
and I could still hear Bonnie's throaty moans. When her fine young ass 
finally cuddled up to my abdomen, she clenched down even harder and I 
simply could *not* move for a few seconds; she was that tight.
     When I finally could move back, it was obvious that her tight, wet 
cunt had created a suction seal. The sensation was fabulous. So was the 
sight of her pussy lips, stretched thin and drawing outward with my 
dick. I'd never had that happen before. And I'd never had another woman 
suddenly lick the underside of my cock and then tickle my balls with her 
tongue.
     I rammed back into Bonnie as fast as I could, then grabbed hold of 
her waist and pulled back again. Irene's face went slack from whatever 
Bonnie was doing to her, but whatever it was, she repaid the favor with 
interest. She attacked Bonnie's cunt lips and clitoris and Bonnie 
rewarded me with the rapid-fire clench-clench-clench of her young pussy 
orgasming on me. I pressed to the limit inside her and slammed away with 
short, horny strokes. I felt my cock swelling inside her as she
continued to cum and then my balls lurched and I spritzed away on her 
insides. Somehow, I had the presence of mind to lean forward and kiss 
her, right between her tense shoulder blades, as I drained the last of 
my middle-aged cum into her sweet, 19-year-old pussy.
     Irene reached around my thigh with one arm and hugged it as Bonnie 
went limp above her. I reached down, awkwardly, to caress her face wit 
one hand as I began easing my shriveling dick out of Bonnie's still-
constricted pussy. It finally came out with a soft slurping noise.
     My knees were trembling and my heart was pounding. I managed a 
controlled collapse beside them on the bed. Bonnie draped herself on me 
and Irene gracefully turned and joined her. I had an arm around each one 
and they had an arm around each other and an arm around me. Having two 
beautiful women in my bed at once had never been a particular goal of 
mine -- though it had happened a few times during my wilder youth -- so 
maybe that explains the way I felt. The sheer sexual pleasure had been 
amazing; the warmth and the mutual cuddling afterward was at least as 
good. I wallowed in the joy. Wallowed so deep that I didn't realize, at 
the time, that I hadn't been hearing Kate's wails for a while.

Chapter Nine

     I know I dozed because suddenly I was wide awake, though unmoving, 
between two nubile, slumbering women. I opened my eyes and saw Kate 
standing in the doorway, quietly surveying us. The sight excited her. I 
could tell because her nipples were rigid. And I could see them quite 
easily because she was quite naked.
     She was even sexier naked than half-dressed, which can not be said 
about most women. At 31-going-on-32, Kate was just entering the full 
bloom of ripe femininity. Her throat was long and graceful and pale and 
her breasts were simply glorious -- ripe, full, jutting and with broad 
aureoles surrounding now-rigid nozzles. Her tummy was smooth and firm 
and her abdomen had just that luxuriant hint of roundness. Her waist was 
taut and flared into rich, womanly hips. Her legs were strong and 
between her thighs was the compact mass of matted blonde pubic curls. 
Her labia were large and protruding. I could see them through her bush. 
Her clitoris was prominent and visible even from across the room.
     She was a vision and it was having a predictable effect on me. She 
noticed that, too, because her eyes widened a bit as she stared
pointedly at my resurrecting dick. She gazed at my face and made sure I 
was watching as she ran her tongue over her lips. She began caressing 
her lovely breasts with one hand and slowly slid the other between her 
legs. 
     Her eyes closed momentarily as she toyed with her cunt and clit and 
then her knees bent a bit as she slid a finger inside her pussy. She 
pinched and pulled one nipple as she worked her finger in and out of 
herself and then she bit her lip and shook.
     Her eyes opened again, fixed on mine. She looked pointedly at my 
throbbing prick, then back to my face. Smiling, she took her hand from 
between her legs and slowly sucked it all the way into her mouth, then 
pumped it a few times. I damn near came just watching her.
     She pulled the finger out of her mouth, kissed her palm, then blew 
me the kiss. She smiled broadly, then backed quietly out of the room and 
closed the door behind her.
     "Damn," I muttered. 
     Bonnie stirred at the sound. She and Irene were pressed against me, 
their wonderful, taut curves mashing into my flesh and imprinting me 
with a message of lust. I ran my hand down over Bonnie's back and 
caressed the creamy cleavage of her hard young ass. She pressed her face 
against the side of my neck and gripped my thigh with her legs. Her 
movement disturbed Irene slightly.
     Irene reached across me to caress Bonita so I duplicated my caress 
on Irene. Within moments, I had two gorgeous young women rubbing two wet 
pussies against my thighs. Bonnie began kissing her way down my chest. 
She paused to lick and suck my right nipple. Irene, equally awake, now, 
seemed to think that was a neat idea and lavished the same attention on 
my left nipple.
     Bonita, meantime, was sliding her hand down over my abdomen. She 
gripped the thick stalk of my hard dick and jerked it lightly a couple 
of times. Then her lips followed the path her fingers had blazed. She 
reversed herself slowly, being sure to keep her stiff nipples in contact 
with my skin as she moved.
     I pulled Irene up to cover her lips with mine. In moments, our 
tongues were happily exploring each other's mouth.
     Then what felt like a wet, sucking oven covered the head of my cock 
and I groaned into Irene's mouth. She must have known from my reaction 
that Bonita was sucking my cock and it obviously turned her on, because 
Irene began devouring my lips with hers. pressing her wonderful breasts 
hard against me.
     Then Bonnie did something I'd only experienced a couple of times 
before -- she slowly forced the full length of my prick into her mouth 
and throat, sucking all the way.
     I groaned and arched, on the verge of cumming -- and then she 
pulled her mouth off me. I felt the bed shift as she moved.
     "I wanna see you sit on him," she whispered to Irene and then 
kissed her full on the lips, right in front of my face. She broke the 
kiss and said, "Now, I wanna see it now!"
     Irene's eyes closed halfway and she swung her leg over my hips and 
straddled me.
     "I could suck your cock all day!" Bonnie whispered to me, then slid 
down on the bed. She gripped and aimed my prick as Irene sank slowly 
onto me. I watched her cunt lips part wetly and spread around my thick 
dick. When she was halfway down, Bonnie got behind her. Whatever she 
did, it caused Irene to freeze and clench her cunt around my cock.
     I put my hands on Irene's hips and guided her down lower. It seemed 
like hours went by before she had me all the way inside her juicy cunt. 
Her eyes fluttered open, unfocused and I felt her vagina fluttering 
around me. She began falling forward onto me and I gratefully received 
the weight of her curvaceous torso into my arms.
     She was kneeling, legs pulled up, with her upper body flat against 
my chest. Looking down over her round, gently undulating ass, I could 
see Bonnie's contribution: she had her tongue working at Irene's anus.
     Irene's hips began rolling, slowly making tight little circles 
around the pinion of my prick. All I had to do -- could do -- was lay 
there and savor the exquisite sensation of her cunt rubbing and sucking 
at my stiff dick. I could feel Bonnie's talented tongue probing into 
Irene's ass. I put my hands on Irene's buttocks and pulled her down on 
me, hard, and spread her cheeks.
     Bonnie was jabbing her tongue up into Irene's ass now, and Irene 
was groaning and moaning against the side of my neck. But then Bonnie 
led my hand to the pucker of her girlfriend's butthole and withdrew her 
tongue from the opening long enough to guide my finger inside.
     Irene immediately began grunting and hunching against me, her cunt 
gripping my dick as tightly as her ass gripped my finger. I was going to 
cum in seconds with this treatment.
     As if I needed more stimulus, Bonnie put her head between my legs 
and starting lightly licking my balls and that was the end of restraint.
     I surged upward, lifting Irene with me. My cock swelled inside her 
spasming cunt and then my balls lurched and I unloaded. It felt like an 
electric current was running through my nuts and dick, I came so hard. 
Three, four -- five long geysers shot into Irene and she was keeping 
pace with her own orgasms, her ass milking at my finger as avidly as her 
cunt pulled on my prick.
     My dick finally stopped jerking and began shrinking inside her as I 
sank back to the bed, panting. Irene's cunt grabbed my cock even more 
tightly as I pulled my finger out of her lovely ass. We lay there, 
gasping for breath as Bonnie crawled up and began kissing both of us 
every place she could reach -- faces, shoulders, backs, necks.
     "So hot...so beautiful," Bonnie kept murmuring. I finally wrapped 
an arm around her and pulled her close and tight against Irene and 
myself. The three of us lay there, sighing and savoring the slick warmth 
of each other's bodies. I was watching the play of sunlight and shadow 
on the wall, letting my thoughts drift in that unique, tattered
afterglow that comes only after loving, lusty sex. Which was how I 
happened to notice a larger shadow detach itself and begin descending.
     We'd been watched. Just then I heard Kate's yowling resume from the 
other bedroom.

Chapter Ten

     "You mean, besides what I saw?"
     I nodded. 
     Kate smiled. "Well, I wish it had been me the second time, but it 
wasn't. Seeing the three of you just resting like that got me so wet 
that I went in and got Mark started again."
     "I heard the fire siren."
     She smiled. "Just thinking about it makes me want to go in and get 
his hose again. But he's beat." She sighed. "I didn't know Dolores was 
into climbing trees."
     "Me, neither." Assuming it has been Dolores and not Penny. "Anyhow, 
I have an idea." I recounted my conversation with the gardener and told 
her my plan.
     "How well do you know Miguel?"
     "Pretty well. He's a good man and reliable. Bright, too. I trust 
him with the keys when I'm not here."
     Kate nodded. "Hmmmm...Okay." She looked hesitant for moment, then: 
"Dan, I want to know something, but I won't be offended if you don't 
want to answer."
     "Shoot."
     "Well, I keep thinking about Bonnie and Irene together with you and 
-- well, I've always had a fantasy about being with a woman and a man."
     "I bet that wouldn't break Mark's heart."
     "That's the tough part," she admitted. "I don't think I could stand 
watching him with another woman."
     "That's understandable."
     "Would you ever consider maybe, uh, you and me and another wo--"
     "No way. Kate, you're married to my cousin, the guy who was always 
there for me when I was a kid. And if you want to be with a woman, why 
does there have to be a man there?"
     She blushed. "Because my fantasy is to be making love to a sexy 
woman while she gets reamed with a huge penis. I mean, you wouldn't be 
making it with me, really, but with her and I --"
     I took her face in my hands. "Kate, if I were in that situation, I 
wouldn't be able to keep my hands, lips or anything else off you. You 
saw the effect you had on me. No way, cousin-in-law."
     She gave me a rueful smile, then clasped my hands with hers and 
turned her head rapidly from one to the other, planting little kisses in 
my palms.
     "Okay," she said, standing. "I had to ask. No hard feelings." She 
glanced down at my crotch. "Sorry. No pun intended."
     She walked down off the porch. I sat there with my coffee cooling 
in its mug and my dick throbbing in my jeans. The sun was dropping from 
its midday high point. Mark had taken the Subaru into the town to pick 
up some things. Bonita and Irene had taken their beach things down the 
road for some sun and splashing (and to incite lust in men -- and women 
-- for miles around). I was just wondering about Penny and Dolores when 
the squirt came padding across the grass from the driveway. She was 
wearing her beach wrap and carrying her beach bag and she looked sullen.
     "Hi, Muffin!"
     She gave a listless wave and changed course. She sat heavily in the 
Adirondack chair next to mine and pouted.
     "What's the matter?"
     "Dolores. A couple of guys were playing frisbee down the beach so 
of course she had to play with them and then she went and sat with them 
and left me there like a lump."
     "Didn't they invite you?"
     She gave me one of those Boy-Are-You-Dumb looks. "These were like 
college guys. They don't have any interest in a kid like me."
     "Their loss."
     She was silent, fuming, for a few seconds. Then, very seriously: 
"Uncle Dan?"
     "Yes, Muffin?"
     "You really like Irene, don't you?"
     "I think she's very attractive."
     "But it's more than that, isn't it?"
     I sighed. "Maybe. I'm not sure. I want to get to know her better -- 
a lot better."
     "And you think Bonita is very pretty and sexy, too, don't you?"
     What was this kid getting at? "Yes, I do."
     "And Dolores?"
     "We already talked about that."
     "But me -- ?"
     "Penny, I think you're gorgeous. And sometimes you're so sexy that 
you scare me. But we talked about that, too."
     "If you and I were marooned on a desert island -- "
     "We'd play Scrabble until you were seventeen."
     She looked down at her hands for a moment, then brightened: "And 
I'd beat you two out of three."
     "You and what supercomputer?"
     "Oh? Have you forgotten what happened the last time you began 
running off at the mouth?"
     I hadn't, but at least she'd stopped dropping her two-ton hints. 
Besides, I hadn't had a good game in a long time. "Yeah? Well, you get 
changed and I'll assemble the Game of Your Doom."
     "Ten minutes and you're cold meat!"
     "Oh, yeah?" I jutted my jaw at her.
     She stood -- head no even with mine -- and jutted her jaw right 
back at me so we were nearly nose-to-nose. "Yeah!" She twinkled, turned 
and twitch-twitch-twitched off the porch. I went into the house and got 
the game. I took it and a pitcher of iced tea out to the picnic table, 
which was in the shade of the old twin-trunk oak that dominated the 
yard.
     Kate came out with Penny. Both of them were glowing and they 
yammered animatedly till they got within earshot. 
     "You're making a big mistake, Dan. This kid has the Scrabble 
Dictionary memorized." Kate was wearing an outlandishly oversized straw 
hat, held in place with a loud scarf. She was wearing a yellow tank-top 
and jeans. She honored the jeans with her presence. But in the tank-top, 
braless, Kate was a walking pheromone.
     Penny had her hair pulled up into a topknot, with the excess 
tumbling down the back of her head. In her white shorts and NKOTB tee-
shirt, she looked like the cute, bright kid I wanted her to remain...at 
least for the immediate future.
     "I'm going to wander on down to the beach and collect some shells."
     "You're going to collect more than that in those clothes."
     "Get your motor running, fella?"
     "Have a nice walk, Kate."
     "Yeah, Mom -- scram. I've got some cooking to do?"
     "Cooking?" Kate asked.
     "Yeah. I have to cook someone a humble pie and feed it to him."
     "Ha!"
     "Have fun. See you later." Kate sashayed off as Penny and I drew 
letters. I started, with STIRRUP. Which I thought was pretty good. Until 
she started on the triple-word bonus and entered REQUIRE, tagging it to 
the S in STIRRUP. She had the triple, she had the Q and she had the 50-
point bonus for using all seven letters. 
     It was going to be a long afternoon.
                *              *             *
     "Hi, Uncle Dan," Bonnie said brightly. 
     I grunted.
     Irene sidled up to me, pressing her hip into me. "Hi, Uncle Dan."
     "'lo."
     "Wow, is he grumpy or what?" Bonnie complained.
     "You'd be grumpy, too, if you were a professional writer and just 
got beat four-straight at Scrabble," Penny chimed in. "By a kid." She 
was sitting in the bay window, finishing Gravity's Rainbow. "His
spelling is dreadful."
     "Didn't anyone have the decency to warn you about her?" Bonnie 
asked.
     "Mom tried to, but would he believe her? Nooooooo." Penny still 
hadn't looked up from the book, but she was grinning fiendishly. Little 
monster.
     "Where's Mom and Dad?"
     "They're out by the pool," I explained. "You guys game for some 
great seafood for dinner?" They were, and their enthusiasm grew as I 
explained about the fresh-catch restaurant over by the Bay. "My treat."
     "Where's Dolores?" Bonnie asked.
     Penny made a rude noise. 
     "She's with some new friends," I explained.
     Bonnie's eyebrows went up.
     We left the house around five-thirty, me and three lovely females. 
With Dolores's prolonged absence, Kate and Mark had decided to skip the 
dinner and wait for her. Dolores was going to get a lecture about 
responsible behavior that night -- namely, the responsibility of letting 
her folks know where she was going to be.
     Not that Kate or Mark would miss the added time alone.
     The dinner was delightful. We sat on the open deck, looking west 
over an inlet as the sun set. The food was perfectly prepared, the view 
was spectacular, the conversation was lively. Irene and Bonnie knew 
Penny well enough to know they didn't have to pretend a kid was present, 
so we talked about anything and everything: politics, the Iraqi invasion 
of Kuwait, movies, books, travel... everything but sex. 
     Irene's travels had burnished her with a sophisticated appreciation 
for the ambience and food. Bonnie was, by nature, a sponge, soaking up 
every smallest aspect of the experience. Penny was just awash in
pleasure at being treated like the grownup she was (between her ears).
     Even folks who only had a nodding acquaintance with me made an 
excuse to come over and exchange pleasantries. I wasn't delighted at the 
interruptions, but I certainly understood. Bonnie was wearing a simple 
black dress that came to mid-calf. It was sleeveless and loose. And it 
was slit up the side almost to her hip and the overlapping lapels were 
trusted to benign winds and her conscientious posture. Every time she 
leaned too far or a breeze came up, and unwonted amount of taut,
abundant 19-year-old Bonita was on display. With her dark, flashing eyes 
and abundant hair blowing loose in the wind, she was an instant turn-on 
for anyone who glanced her way.
     Irene's white cotton blouse and sensible white skirt, with a bright 
green oversized scarf as a waist wrap, were the perfect reproof -- 
because all were lightweight and became translucent as the sun settled 
lower. In essence, she was using a star -- the Sun -- as an accessory to 
highlight her perfect body. Every time she turned sideways to look out 
at a flight of geese or an incoming boat or a distant jetliner soaring 
high up over the thin cirrus, I could see her wonderful breasts in 
perfect, silhouetted profile through that blouse. It took great self-
control not to leap at her over the table.
     And those were the times when Penny would give me the business. 
Sitting there in her demure-but-neat red-and-white striped blouse and 
her fashionably loose blue shorts, Penny would see my eyes fix on 
Irene's loveliness (and, maybe, my tongue hanging out). And as soon as 
she knew I'd seen her watching me, she do something cute -- like lick 
the straw in her Coca-Cola, or slide her hand suggestively up and down 
on her glass, all the time giving me an oh-so-coy look up from under her 
eyelashes.
     Yeah, I could understand the guys suddenly remembering me and 
coming over for introductions. Even the ones whose names I couldn't 
remember (if I'd ever known them).
     And, too, matters were not helped by the little footsie touches 
from Bonnie and Irene and sometimes both. I could only imagine what they 
were doing with each other -- but I didn't dare dwell on that or I'd 
never be able to stand and leave the table.
     By the time the sun had been set for an hour or so and our deserts 
(not nearly as good as the rest of the meal) were finished, Irene and 
Bonnie were just a wee bit tipsy. It never occurred to any of the staff 
to ask for Bonnie's age (two years under the minimum in New York State). 
She and Irene had been happily indulging themselves in white wine and 
were noticeably tipsy, though not sloppy. Penny and I were, of course, 
stone-cold sober. As the driver, I'd allowed myself only the one glass 
of (mediocre) chablis with dinner, followed by Saratoga water and then, 
coffee. 
     Penny was starting to get restless; so was I. Bonnie and Irene were 
trying to outdo each other with double-entendres. I put up with it and 
waited for my credit card and receipts to return, resigned to listening 
to the increasing silliness -- until Penny suddenly signed in with: "You 
two should knock it off. We have a very big Dutch boy here who might 
want to plug a couple of leaks."
     When that registered on the second level, they quieted and I 
stared. I guess none of us had ever guessed that Penny even suspected 
they were lovers. 
     I remembered that shadow in the tree and wondered...
     It took about a half hour to get back to the house. We pulled into 
the driveway about ten. I offered my sturdy, manly arm to our tipsy 
twosome, but they insisted they would be along "presently," in Bonnie's 
words.
     "Come on, uncle Dan. Don't you know when your presence is not 
desired?" Penny grabbed my hand and tugged me through the darkness 
toward the house. I looked back over my shoulder and saw just the 
silhouette of Bonnie and Irene in a heated clinch.
     Broing!
     But that changed as soon as Penny and I entered the house. Mark and 
Kate were sitting the living room. I could smell the booze from Mark 
halfway across the room; I didn't need to see the stuporous look on his 
face.
     Kate looked worried. She stood and came to me.
     "Dolores isn't back. She hasn't called."

Chapter Eleven

     I put my hands on her shoulders. "She's wild but not stupid. We'll 
find her."
     "But -- "
     I turned to Penny, who was measuring water into the coffee-maker. 
"We need you."
     Her face changed, suddenly all serious and determined. She was 
still a kid, but now she was a scary-smart kid with a purpose. 
     "What do you need?"
     "The guys on the beach. Remember anything about them?"
     Her face got distant.
     "Did you see -- " Kate began. I silenced her with a scowl. Penny's 
brain and eyes were a resource, not to be polluted with distractions.
     "Five guys, one girl. About...eighteen or nineteen years old. One 
of them went up to the road to get some beer."
     "A car?"
     She nodded. "Don't know what kind, but it was a late-model car, one 
of those compact ones, like an Accura or something."
     "So they weren't just out for the day." I nodded. "Too many people 
for a small car on a day trip."
     Penny snapped her fingers and got excited. "One of them said 
something about going back to the house for some more food and beer."
     "How were their tans? Real deep and even and leathery?"
     She shook her head. "Two of them had to put their on shirts because 
they were getting sunburned." She looked at me hopefully. "Do you know 
who they are?"
     I shook my head. "But now I know they're a bunch of college kids 
who rented a place here for a few days or a couple of weeks." I went to 
the phone and called Hector, the gardener. 
     "I was just getting ready for bed. Is everything okay?"
     "Pretty much."
     "Did Miguel do a good job? He was a little disappointed -- "
     "I knew he would do a good job, even before I returned. His
disappointment is why I am calling." I quickly told him about Dolores's 
absence and relayed my deduction about the young men.
     "I will make some calls and call you back immediately, okay?"
     "Thank you, Mister Hector."
     "It is a privilege, my neighbor."
     The coffee was ready and we brought a mug to Mark. I poured a slug 
of brandy into it. I knew -- from experience -- that coffee does nothing 
to sober a person, but I hoped the association would help clear Mark's 
head. I needed him at least partially functional by the time we
returned. 
     Kate absented herself for a few minutes. She was just coming back 
down the stairs when the phone rang. Hector.
     "My cousin, Santiago -- on the road crew?"
     "Yes."
     "He said there is a group of eight or nine young men who have 
rented the Pearson house on Stockbridge Road. Do you know this place?"
     Did I ever! Pearson had been totally irresponsible about renting 
his house for the summer. Two years before, he'd rented it for the 
season to a bunch of guys in very large brand-new cars equipped with 50-
kilowatt speakers and cellular phones and beepers. The guys had been 
equipped with 24-hour sunglasses, Armani clothes and any controlled 
substance you could ask for. And that had been only the worst in a 
string of bad tenants. The firestorm that followed the DEA raid -- Gee, 
I can't imagine who tipped them off -- had scared the sonuvabitch so 
badly he hadn't rented at all last year.
     This sounded like just a bunch of college kids partying, which was 
not bad in itself. The fact that they had a -- probably -- willing 15-
year-old nymphet to service them wasn't all that shocking either. 
     "I know the place. I am in your debt."
     "My brothers and cousins and I would be pleased to accompany you, 
if you wish to visit the party."
     "Thank you, most sincerely. I am sure it will be a friendly welcome 
and friendly farewell."
     "Nonetheless, I think perhaps we will be watching the Tonight Show, 
so if you change your mind, you can rescue us from Jay Lenno."
     "Thank you."
     "Good night."
     I looked at Kate. She was still in her jeans, but had a dark 
pullover top against the cooling summer night. 
     Penny stepped up to me, handing me the big four-cell utility 
flashlight. "I don't suppose you're going to let me come along," she 
said.
     "You don't-suppose right. But I wouldn't know where to look without 
you, Muffin. Watch out for your Dad."
     I took the flashlight. "Come on, Kate. See you soon, Mark," I 
called.
     "Wuzzat?"
     Penny grimaced. "More coffee."
     We were twenty feet from the van when I remembered -- 
     "Yes! YES!" Irene hissed orgasmically. 
     "What's that?" Kate asked.
     I flicked on the flashlight and shone it on the pair. Irene and 
Bonnie, mostly naked and totally locked in a feverish sixty-nine in the 
damp grass. We stepped around them. I wondered if they'd noticed us.
     Kate blinked as I opened the door for her. "Were they -- they -- "
     I climbed in quickly and slammed the door. "Yes." I gunned the 
engine and swung out of the drivearound, the headlights coming on just 
in time to illuminate the two lovely bi-women. In the glare of the high-
beams, their heads swiveled up and toward us, their eyes wide. They were 
as frozen by the headlights as deer on the highway. The image stayed 
with me as I continued turning the van and pulled out onto the road.
     The night mist was already thickening when I swung onto
Stockbridge. I killed the engine as I turned into the driveway and cut 
the headlights to the parking ambers. I'd already unsnapped my seat 
belt. Without the power steering, I had to manhandle the wheel on the 
dirt driveway, but that wasn't too much of a problem.
     I coasted in next to a Honda Accord, shifted into PARK and thumbed 
the switch that kept the dome light off as we opened the doors and 
slipped out of the van. I handed Kate the flashlight. I took the extra 
tire iron from under the driver's seat and slipped it up the forearm of 
my shirt. Just in case.
     There were no driveway lights, but the glow from the pool and yard 
lights was more than adequate. When we got closer, we realized there'd 
been no need for stealth; we wouldn't have been noticed if we'd arrived 
in a helicopter. We bellied up to the five-foot-high wood stockade fence 
around the pool and stared.
     The party was under way and it was one helluva party.
     I counted a dozen young people, two-thirds of them male, around the 
pool, plus the girl standing in waist-deep water. Some of them still 
wore some clothes. None was older than twenty and Dolores looked to be 
the youngest. There were cushions and air mattresses all over the place, 
not to mention the ripe aroma of marijuana and the heavy, sweet smell of 
beer...lots of beer.
     I glanced at Kate. Her mouth was hanging open. Well, that was 
understandable. I was a bit stunned at the full-blown orgy, too, and I'd 
seen some pretty wild shit in my life.
     Two guys were slumped, recuperating, on beach loungers. Another one 
carried a camcorder around, recording the scene for posterity. Three 
couples were happily going at it variously. A short, astonishingly 
voluptuous brunette was bouncing happily on one guy's cock while he 
mauled her huge, firm breasts. A lanky blonde with acne and a seemingly 
bottomless throat stood nude in the pool, her face buried in the lap of 
the guy sitting on the edge, bracing himself on his elbows. She had the 
longest nipples I have ever seen, bar none, and she was determinedly and 
enthusiastically swallowing the guy's long, skinny prick and sliding it 
back out again. I was impressed by his length and her depth.
     We didn't see Dolores immediately, mostly because she was obscured 
by the two guys. One was prone on a lounge cushion, with Dolores
grinding her hips over his prick. The other was letting her have her way 
on his dick with her mouth. She was very obviously having a great time. 
So were they.
     It was only when the guy standing at her face moved around behind 
her that we could see her features, and then only for a moment as she 
collapsed slowly on the guy beneath her.
     The other one kept saying, "Okay? Are you sure? Okay?" as he 
positioned himself behind her. 
     "Do me!" Dolores hissed. "Fuck me!"
     I could feel Kate's tremor of shock.
     But then we were both mesmerized, watching as the one behind slid 
slowly forward, his athletic bulk concealing Dolores's compact curves 
from sight. She gasped, a long single breath, as he slid into her. Then 
both guys began pumping her. 
     Her fists beat at the cushion as two horny young college men worked 
their cocks in and out of her cunt and ass. She groaned and cried out as 
she came and again demanded, "Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Fuck me hard!"
     No surprise that neither lasted long. We could see her paramours 
tense and hear their moans as they emptied their nuts into her. When the 
sodomizer had separated himself from her, she rolled off the one beneath 
her and lay, limbs akimbo, on the cushion. Her hands went between her 
legs and she fingered her streaming snatch. Her hips were still
churning.
     Kate and I were still frozen by the sight and probably would have 
remained that way, except the guy with the camcorder called out, "Gang-
bang! Come on -- let's see how many she can take!"
     He positioned himself for the best angle as the other partyers 
roused and interrupted themselves to begin forming a line.
     It was time to move. I crouched, grabbed the bottom of the fence 
and heaved. As I'd expected, cut-the-corners Pearson hadn't bothered 
paying to have it anchored in concrete and the stakes came out easily. 
The fence section was only about four feet wide. I set it neatly to one 
side and stepped into the pool enclosure.
     A couple of the guys noticed me and two approached.
     "Hey -- who are you?"
     "That's my niece. My 15-year-old niece."
     That slowed them. "Hey, we're not forcing her -- "
     I nodded. "I can see that."
     "She told us she's seventeen!" protested the guy with limpening 
schlong in hand. He'd been about to start the train.
     "Doesn't matter what she said. She lied. She's jailbait. And I 
smell grass. And I'll bet you let her have some beer. It's time for her 
to go home."
     All of them -- except for still-writhing, still-masturbating 
Dolores -- were looking at me. A few of them glanced past me and I knew 
Kate had stepped into the light.
     One of them, a big hulk almost my size, said, "How do we know -- " 
     "You don't -- but I'll be glad to wait for you to call the police 
and verify her identity."
     "He's bluffing," called the skinny girl with the bottomless throat. 
Kate was at Dolores's side, looking grim.
     "Mom...?" Dolores moaned, quite audibly. 
     All over the enclosure, young people began muttering, "Oh, shit..."
     Except for one. The guy with the camcorder had put it down and was 
approaching me, holding an empty quart bottle of Miller by the neck. I 
dropped my arm to my side and let the tire iron slide out into my hand. 
The hulk turned to him and said, "Don't even think about it, you
asshole." 
     Not thinking was apparently the future cinematographer's field of 
expertise. He stopped, turned and walked away. 
     Dolores was mostly on her feet. Kate had an arm around her waist 
and was helping her walk back to the new exit. Dolores was kind of half-
sobbing, half-groaning. Jism was running out of her snatch and down her 
thighs. 
     "Enjoy your party," I said, "and be more careful next time. Stay 
off that particular beach and we'll forget it. Deal?"
     The hulk nodded. "Fair enough. We didn't mean any harm."
     "I know that and I understand. But use your brains after this?"
     He quirked a half-smile. "Yeah, a novel experience. Cool."
     Dolores was sprawled in the backseat, draining all over the
upholstery, while Kate wrapped her in a blanket from cargo area. Ah, 
well. I climbed in, turned on the engine and lights. I glanced in the 
rearview. Dolores was sitting pretty much the same way she'd been 
sitting twenty-four hours before -- Was it that short a time? -- when 
she'd put on her little masturbation show for me.
     I had us back to the house in ten minutes.
     I was very proud of myself. There'd been no trouble, no problems, 
no violence. A misunderstanding solved peacefully. So why were my knees 
shaking?
     Then we were getting Dolores back into the house. I figured the 
night's experience would solve my problems with her. Hell, maybe it 
would sober all of them up a bit.
     This kind of deductive logic will win a prize good for one free 
ride on any element of the NYC Transit Authority...provided you bring a 
token.

Chapter Twelve

     All of us, except Mark, stayed up most of the night with Dolores. I 
stayed the hell out of the bedroom for obvious reasons. Penny wore out 
-- finally -- around two a.m. Irene and Bonita and Kate took turns 
coming out of the bedroom and sitting with me. I was much too agitated 
to sleep, though at least my knees had stopped shaking.
     A light rain began falling just after four and as sunrise
approached, the rain turned into a downpour. Bonnie was sitting with me, 
drinking coffee. She was staring out the window at the rain, quiet for a 
long time, before she turned back to face me. She looked as tired as we 
all felt.
     "Mom told me she saw us."
     I nodded. What could I say? I was hoping Kate hadn't told her about 
the silent exchange we'd had while my sapphic lovers dozed.
     "She, uh, doesn't mind."
     Which meant that at least Kate hadn't told Bonnie her fantasy. "I 
wonder what your dad would think of it."
     "He wouldn't dare say a word." She grinned slightly.
     "You seem pretty positive."
     "I am. He knows that if he says anything, I'll say something."
     "Like?"
     "Like maybe I'd tell Mom who I practiced cocksucking on."
     I went cold with shock. My mouth opened and closed without emitting 
sounds.
     "Oh, Dan, it wasn't like *that* at all. It wasn't his idea -- it 
was mine." She seemed amused at my expression.
     "But -- how?"
     "When my grandparents decided to move into that retirement village 
and Mom went to help -- "
     "But that was a few years ago."
     "Seven years ago," she said, matter-of-factly.
     "You were *twelve*?"
     She nodded absently and did something I'd never seen her do: she 
reached into her purse, withdrew a cigarette and lit it. I stared.
     She waved it. "Every now and then, when I get nervous, I indulge 
one. Usually throw the damn pack away because it gets stale." She took a 
drag. "Twelve, right. Well, Mom called the day before and said she was 
going to stay there another week to help get them settled into their new 
place. So on Friday night, when Dolores had a sleep-over at her friend's 
house, I stayed up late. Penny was already sacked for the night. I guess 
it was about midnight. I heard a noise and got out of bed and went to 
see what it was."
     I remembered Bonnie at twelve. She'd already begun blooming, but 
not astonishingly. Pretty, vivacious, mischievous and a bit introverted. 
     "I was wearing that old cotton nightgown with the flowers on it, 
the one you gave me for my birthday."
     That one. She'd modeled it for me and the first time she'd walked 
in front of the lamp, I'd realized it was the last nightgown I was ever 
going to buy her. The fabric had turned nearly transparent and there'd 
been a brief, unforgettable glimpse of an innocently sexy 12-year-old 
body through it.
     "So I found Dad in the living room. He'd been drinking and watching 
a porno tape and jerking off. I guess he kind of fell asleep before he 
came, because he was still half-hard. Did you ever hear of that, falling 
asleep in the middle of jerking off?"
      I nodded. "Done it myself, once or twice."
     "Well, I'd heard girls talk about guys getting off and one of my 
friends told me she'd watched her brother jerking off and I'd heard a 
lot of other stuff -- but I'd never seen a real dingus like that, not a 
grown man's."
     "The porno tapes?"
     "Boring and ugly. I'd sneaked in and watched them but -- " She 
shrugged. "Dull, dull, dull."
     "Uh-huh."
     "So, anyhow, I got real close and looked at his thing. It was 
fascinating and I couldn't not touch it. As soon as I did, it started to 
get harder and bigger, so I grabbed it." She took another puff. "It got 
even harder and bigger and started throbbing and was all hot."
     "And he was still asleep."
     "Or passed out. Anyhow, I started jerking it real careful -- I 
didn't want him to wake up -- and some stuff started leaking out of the 
end. I got some of it on my finger and tasted it. I was curious. It 
tasted kind of neat and I sort of liked it, mostly because I knew I was 
doing something really special-dirty. So I leaned closer and licked the 
end and he shivered a little. I kissed it and then I started to suck on 
it, very carefully."
     "And he was still sleeping."
     "He must have been dreaming it was Mom because he started half-
mumbling her name and that he'd missed her so much. So I knew I was 
doing something really nice for him and started really sucking on it and 
he came in my mouth, a lot, just gobs and gobs. I just kept sucking and 
swallowing and then I heard him let out a little yell."
     "Not sleeping any more."
     "Nope, and he was horrified, like he'd done something to me and not 
the other way around. And then he got pissed off at me and then he got 
scared and sent me to my room." She stubbed out her cigarette.
     "Did you talk about it?"
     She smirked. "Sort of."
     "Meaning?"
     "Well, I really liked sucking him off that first time. I liked the 
feeling it gave me and I liked having him in my power while I was doing 
it. I was twelve years old and I liked being able to turn the tables on 
the grownups just a little. So the next time I wanted to do it, I 
threatened to tell on him if he didn't let me."
     "You blackmailed him into letting you suck him off?"
     She nodded and grinned.
     "Who did you say you'd tell -- your Mom?"
     She shook her head. "My friends -- and you."
     "Oh, nooooo..."
     She giggled. "I really liked sucking his cock, because I knew he 
really loved me and I liked the feel of it just kind of bursting in my 
mouth. So every week or so, I'd corner him and do the deed. I got pretty 
good at it, too."
     I couldn't argue with that. "How long did this go on?"
     "Till I was almost fourteen. I fell in love with a senior at school 
and felt like I couldn't betray him."
     "'Betray'?"
     She actually blushed a little. "Oh, you know how romantic a girl 
can be at that age. I don't think he even noticed me for the first 
semester and I had to trick him into going out with me in the spring. 
But the first time I got him alone, he fell in love with me. Or my 
mouth."
     "Pretty callous."
     "So was he. He told some of his friends I was quote the best 
cocksucker on the East Coast unquote and tried to have me prove it with 
them. I fell out of love fast."
     "I'll bet."
     "And then I got my big crush on you. Guess what I wanted to do."
     "Duuu-uuuh..."
     She smiled and leaned over and kissed me with those incestuous 
cocksucking lips. "And you know what? I still have a crush on you -- 
because you never took advantage of me."
     "You were well worth the wait."
     "But I wish we'd started sooner. And now that I'm all grown up -- "
     "And very well grown up, at that."
     "I can do it with you alllll I want."
     "Or as much as I can."
     "Oh, don't worry -- between Irene and me, we'll see that you're up 
to it." The rain was beginning to slack off.
     "I wonder what Irene would think of all this."
     "I did, too. But remember when we took so long changing clothes? I 
was telling her. But you know somethng, Dan? I don't think Irene will 
want to share you for very long."
     "Oh?" That took me by surprise and had me considering feelings I 
hadn't really wanted to admit were there. I mean, hey, I was a swinging 
bachelor, y'know?
     "I'm not sure she realizes it yet, but she's really falling for 
you. Not a crush, either. Especially after Mom told us what you did 
getting Dolores out of there."
     I reached for the pipe. "Hell, there was no trouble."
     "That's what impressed her. She said so. She figured you might be 
the kind of macho asshole that would've gone in there swinging the tire 
iron at the guys banging the little girl who'd turned you on. She was 
very impressed." She shrugged. "So was I. But she's taken a real
interest in you, the person, instead of just you, the cock."
     "Is that how you see me -- a cock?"
     She stood as the bedroom door opened. "Oh, no," she said softly, 
sweetly. "I like that a lot -- but you're always going to be dear Uncle 
Dan and just about the most special guy I've ever known." She kissed my 
cheek and whispered: "As long as I can keep fucking -- and especially, 
sucking -- you!" She giggled and straightened as her mother approached.
     "How's she doing?" I asked Kate.
     "Out cold," Kate said. "Sleeping very soundly. Irene and I douched 
her pretty thoroughly. There's no sign of blood and just a couple of 
ordinary-looking bruises. What's my other little girl been doing to keep 
you amused?" She took my mug of cold coffee and sipped it. What she 
really needed was sleep.
     "She's not little anymore."
     "That's for damn sure," Kate said. "Why don't you get some sleep, 
Bonnie? Someone has to be alert to keep an eye on Penny."
     "I'm pretty bushed," Bonnie admitted. "Irene?"
     "Sacked out in the room with Dolores. You going to bunk with her or 
with Dan?"
     The bluntness of the question startled both of us.
     "I'll be in there -- " She nodded toward the bedroom. " -- in case 
Dolores needs something."
     "Good idea," I offered, inventively.
     "Good night." She kissed her mother's cheek and almost staggered 
toward the bedroom as the weariness caught up with her.
     Kate slumped into the banquet in the bay window. She leaned her 
face next to the screen. "Cool air feels good...moist," she said softly, 
her eyes closed as she savored the rain's soft side-spray. "You know she 
wasn't being raped, don't you?"
     "No doubt in my mind." I looked at the pipe in one hand, still-open 
pouch in the other and finished my packing. "She was enjoying herself."
     "I have a confession."
     Uh-oh. I lit my pipe.
     "When I think about what she was doing with those two guys, it 
turns me on."
     "Understandable," I said around puffs, wondering how my dick could 
possibly have gotten so hard. Oh, yeah -- Bonnie's story and now the 
thought of Kate turned on at the prospect of a sandwich fuck.
     She turned to face me, eyes open and calm. "Is that perverse?"
     "You're asking the guy you caught in bed with your eldest daughter 
and your sister?"
     She cracked a smile. "Yeah, right. I'm going to sack out, too. 
Maybe I'll take Dolores's vibrator with me until Sleeping Beauty wakes 
up upstairs."
     "You might wake Penny."
     She laughed. "If she's not using it." She stood, took the pipe from 
my mouth, bent and kissed me hard -- but without tongue -- on the lips. 
     "Sweet dreams, Uncle Dan," she said and smiled. "That is what 
everyone in your harem calls you, isn't it?"
     I watched the swing of her ripe ass, still provocative despite the 
weariness in her stride, as she made her way up the stairs to her semi-
comatose husband and bed. I tamped my pipe, put it in the ashtray, went 
to the liquor cabinet and took two big gulps of scotch, straight from 
the bottle.
     Then I trudged up the stairs to my bedroom. I barely had the energy 
to strip before I fell into the bed. After the day's adventures, it 
seemed very empty. That was a change of pace and, in an odd way, very 
nice.
     Which virtually guaranteed it couldn't last.
     It didn't.

Chapter Thirteen

     I could hear the water dripping from the rain gutters and knew the 
downpour had ended, and even with my eyes closed I knew it was lighter 
outside my windows. I felt a hand on my thigh and reached down to caress 
the caresser. It felt so good, I was afraid to open my eyes for fear I'd 
discover Dolores or Penny. Besides, I was still too tired to open my 
peepers. 
     To my delight, I felt a nice, fully grown-up tit pressing against 
my leg and I relaxed. Whether it was Irene or Bonnie, it was okay. The 
hand moved to my cock, gripping and stroking it, then she moved her head 
and dribbled some saliva on my glans. I started to open my eyes, but 
just then her lips encircled my knob. I groaned and surrender, falling 
back with eyes still shut as she started sucking me. Her ferocity and 
the expertise of her tongue told me it was Bonnie. Her enthusiasm 
confirmed it. My dick swelled even more from my usual wake-up erection 
and she relished that. I felt, rather than heard, her throaty rumble and 
then she was sucking more of me into her mouth. I wanted to watch this 
accomplished young fellatrix, too. I opened my eyes.
     Kate, naked and sucking and jerking to beat the band.
     "What the hell -- "
     "Please, let her do it." Mark, standing with his back to my closed 
bedroom door. "This is the first time she's stopped talking about this 
since noon."
     She drove her mouth down, down, down, taking my cock into her 
throat and then swallowing on it. She even managed to work her tongue on 
me as she deep-throated me. I was impressed.
     "She woke me up, moaning and masturbating," Mark said. He was 
wearing one of the guest robes. The front bulged. "Twice she sucked me 
hard and then rode me dry. And all the time, she kept talking about 
wanting you, about what she saw Dolores doing, about Irene and Bonnie 
and you."
     She pulled her mouth back up and looked at me. Her face was almost 
demonic. Her hand still jerked on the base of my cock. "You're going to 
fuck me and fuck me hard!" she growled. And then grinned. "Going to kick 
me out of your bed?" She locked her lips on my glans, sucking hard and 
licking like crazy. I stifled a reflex scream being wrenched from me by 
the intensity of the sensation.
     "Didn't think so," Mark said, his robe open and his hand on his 
dick. He'd moved about two steps toward the bed.
     Kate sucked me slow and deep, taking me almost to the balls before 
she backed off. She ran her fist slowly up and down the middle of my 
spit-slicked cock, staring at it like she'd never seen a dick before. 
My cock felt ready to burst and bigger than ever, and a lot of the 
reason was that my bladder was full. But before I could say anything, 
Kate was crawling up over me, those wonderful tits massaging me all the 
way.
     She crouched over me, running her wet pubic mat light over the tip 
of my cock. She lowered herself and trapped my aching dick against my 
belly and started sliding her pussy lips up and down the underside, from 
the base almost to my naval, then back down. She had her lower lip 
caught between her teeth and she wore an expression of great
concentration.
     She was already starting to moan. I reached up and cupped her tits, 
hefting them and running my fingers over her hard nipples. Kate raised 
her hips and reached back with one hand to grab my prick, aligning it. 
Then she settled back and down on my cock and she did it very, very 
slowly.
     Kate surprised me, then, because here was a woman nearly 32 years 
old, a mother, who had already fucked her husband twice that morning -- 
and she was extremely tight, tight enough that it took a good thirty 
seconds for my glans to fully penetrate her cunt.
     It was worth the wait, though, for both of us. Her mouth fell open, 
her eyes closed and she moaned louder as she rotated her hips around my 
prick. Then she started working her cunt down my stiff schlong, bit by 
bit. She rocked her hips up and down, taking more and more of me into 
her velvet heat as I held her tits and savored the feel of her ripe, 
mature femininity.
     She took a good minute or so getting most of the way down on me. At 
the last inch, her eyes opened wide, almost in surprise. I'd hit bottom. 
I could feel the back wall of her cunt against my knob. But Kate wanted 
it all and rammed herself down, stretching herself to take all of me.
     "I think it's in my belly!" she gasped.
     Mark had come up to the end of the bed and was watching intently, 
glazed eyes focused on the sight of his wife's lovely lower parts 
gorging on my hard cock. His hand was moving on his hard cock as he 
stared.
     Kate started to raised herself. I could hear her beautiful cunt 
slurping as it slowly released about half of my cock. She was moaning 
continually now, which made me nervous. If her siren screams started, 
we'd have an audience, which wasn't what I had in mind.
     She went about halfway up, then let herself drop hard. The moans 
got louder. Uh-oh...
     "Mark," I gasped, "get something in her mouth before she starts 
screaming."
     "Like what?"
     "Whatever is in your hand, you dork!"
     He made an "Oh" with his mouth, came around to the side of the bed 
and clambered up, standing unsteadily on the heaving mattress. Kate 
turned her head and wrapped her lips around his hard eight-incher while 
she steadied herself -- and him -- with one hand on his hip. She started 
sucking, riding me now in earnest. Almost immediately, I felt her cunt 
convulse as she started cumming.
     Her muffled screams were exciting to hear, but not nearly as 
exciting as the feel of her frantic cunt on me or her heaving tits in my 
appreciative hands. I thrust up to meet her downstrokes, ramming her 
hungry twat as hard as I dared. Mark had his hands on her shoulders and 
he was swaying his hips back and forth, carefully pumping her mouth.
     Kate suddenly pulled her mouth off her husband's throbbing dick. 
"Don't -- don't -- don't you dare cum y-y-yet! Either of y-y-you!"
     Then her face tightened and she looked ready to scream. Mark rammed 
her face onto his cock just in time and she gurgled and shook tautly.
     She started to lose her strength then, and was beginning to sag 
down onto me. Mark's dick popped out of her mouth and I lowered her 
torso to my chest as he carefully climbed off the bed. Her hips rolled 
and her cunt moved on my cock as she nestled against me. I continued 
carefully thrusting until I felt her tensing again, then held her mouth 
against my chest to muffle her scream. Her teeth pressed against me as 
she howled.
     When she eased off, she mumbled, "Both of you...like we saw...in 
front and back...please?"
      Mark was again standing at the foot of the bed, stroking his cock 
and watching. He didn't hear her clearly.
     "She wants you in her butt," I explained.
     "She almost never wants that," he protested. 
     "You want to argue or fuck? Night-table drawer -- open it."
     Kate was bouncing her hips up and down on me again, her mouth 
against my chest. I had my hands on her rich, round ass, squeezing it 
and enjoying the play of those firm muscles under my fingers as she 
quickened her ride. Just as she started to cum again, I pressed a 
fingertip against the rubbery rectal opening and she tightened immensely 
on me. Piss-hard or not, I wasn't going to last long if she kept doing 
that. Some of her orgasmic scream almost escaped the muffling and she 
bit into my chest to stifle the volume. Also stifled the rising cum in 
my nuts.
     Then the bed shifted as Mark crawled up, feet outside my knees. His 
dick was completely coated and throbbing like a teenager's above his 
wife's beautiful ass. I separated the cheeks of her ass and held her 
tightly down against me. Mark lined up his dick and I felt her tense and 
shiver as he pressed it against her ass.
     Her cunt clenched feverishly around my prick as his dick started to 
spread her sphincters. When his glans finally popped inside her ass, she 
made a funny noise, growling like a woods animal. Mark pressed the rest 
of his cock into her and the sensation of tightness spreading slowly up 
her cunt and over my cock was unbelievable. His balls finally swung 
against the base of my dick and her cunt and Kate lay stock-still, as if 
paralyzed.
     "I feel so fucking stuffed," Kate mumbled. Mark bent close and 
kissed her ear and the side of her face. "Oh, honey," she whispered, "I 
love you so much...both of you. Oh!"
     The "oh" was because Mark had just twitched his dick a little bit 
deeper into her.
     "Unnnnnnnn...." she groaned as he pulled back about halfway, then 
slid slowly back into her. She kept making that same, low noise as he 
speeded his pumping. I lay motionless, savoring the marvelous sensation 
of his dick rubbing mine through the thin membrane separating her 
stretched asshole from her stuffed cunt.
     "C'mon, fuck me, fuck me!" she hissed at me, raising herself onto 
her elbows. I tried moving a little inside her while Mark lengthened and 
speeded his strokes behind her.
     "Yeah!" she hissed as her husband pounded her ass and I hunched my 
cock in and out of her, sometimes simultaneous with his sodomy,
sometimes syncopated. Kate's lovely face was bright red and contorted as 
she growled and moaned. "Harder! Fuck me harder, damn you! I want you to 
pound me!"
     "Bad pun," I gasped.
     She took my hair in one hand and mashed her lips against mine. She 
sucked my tongue into her mouth and treated it the way she'd treated my 
dick. I held her ass in my hands, Mark's abdomen hitting my fingers when 
he slammed down. I pumped her hips up and down in time with my urgent 
thrusts up at her, letting Mark fend for himself. He was doing just 
fine, lowering himself till his weight was on his wife's back (and me) 
and he thrust all the way into her at the same moment I did.
     Kate screamed into my mouth as she felt her husband's cock swell 
and twitch and then fire its load deep into her ass. Her cunt cranked 
down on my cock so hard that any thoughts I'd had about cumming were 
finished for the moment; it was just too tight, like a cock ring, for me 
to unload. That was a first for me, too.
     Kate's orgasm was every bit as awe-inspiring as I'd imagined. She 
just kept cumming and cumming, her entire body rigid and taut as a 
violin string. She barely shuddered, barely moved, for the longest time. 
It was like a seizure of some kind.
     Mark was climbing thoughtfully off us, slowly pulling his shrinking 
prick out of her ass. When his glans came out of her constricted anus, 
it made a loud sucking noise. Then Kate shook and sucked in a long, 
noisy, rasping breath. She was shivering uncontrollably. She finally 
sagged and went limp as a wet cloth.
     I rolled us over, staying inside her. Her legs fell open and I 
pumped her furiously for a few seconds, trying to relieve the ache in my 
nuts. She came a few times, even as she lapsed into unconsciousness; I 
felt it on my cock and saw it in the way her tummy convulsed and her 
abdomen hardened. But I was past the time of cumming easily and tiring 
fast...and I had to piss in the worst way.
     I pulled out of her slowly. I bent to kiss her hard nipples and, 
lightly, her lips. Even dozing, she whispered, "I love you, Mark." I 
climbed off the bed, stood and groaned. Mark was staring at his wife and 
my cock. 
     "Okay, you got what you wanted, she got what she wanted -- now 
cuddle your honey."
     He nodded and moved mechanically toward her. I stepped out of my 
bedroom just as she nuzzled up to him and made a soft, happy sound. I 
envied him her love and -- even more, now -- her lust.
     On bowed legs, I stepped into the bathroom and waited long minutes 
for my cock to deflate enough to begin voiding my bladder. When at long 
last it was done, I was still left with aching nuts. I showered quickly, 
brushed my teeth, pulled on my robe and went downstairs in search of 
food. I had just burned a lot of calories and my stomach was growling. I 
grabbed a breadstick from the Stella Dora package in the refrigerator 
and munched it as I refilled and started the coffeemaker. Then I decided 
to check on my other guests.
     Penny's bed was made and she was nowhere in sight. When I looked 
out into the yard, though, I saw her curled up on a chaise lounge by the 
pool, devouring one of my books. Fine.
     Then I decided to look into the other bedroom, the one assigned to 
Irene and Bonnie, the one where Dolores had been stashed after her 
"rescue" the previous night. I opened the door quietly and looked 
inside.
     Irene and Bonnie were still clothed and still sleeping, wrapped 
sweetly in each other's arms in one bed.
     In the other, Dolores sat with her back against the headboard, 
looking from the bi-lovers to the doorway. She was naked and she had her 
hands between her legs. Busy little fingers.
     "I heard what was going on upstairs," she said. "I went up and 
watched for a while." Her whisper was barely audible. "I came downstairs 
and washed up." She pulled her knees back and up, almost to her
quivering young breasts. "I've been waiting for you." 
     I started to back out of the doorway, the door knob in my hand, but 
Bonnie raised her head and grinned. "Come on, Uncle Dan -- it's
inevitable. Surrender."
     My dick was already giving the lie to any protests I might have 
made and the robe wasn't concealing it at all.
     I stepped into the room, closed -- and locked -- the door and 
surrendered to the inevitable.

Chapter Fourteen

     Bonnie kissed Irene awake and whispered to her. Irene looked over 
at me, standing between the two beds with my robe open and my dick 
sticking out. She looked at Dolores on the other bed, rubbing her 
adolescent clitoris and pinching her hard nipples. 
     "You didn't have a chance," Irene said softly to me, then smiled 
and began pulling Bonita's tee-shirt off. Bonnie leaned over and gave my 
cock a quick, wet, maddening suck, then raised her arms for Irene to 
expose those beautiful tits.
     Dolores crawled toward me on her bed. It was an awkward crawl, 
because she kept one hand between her legs. She looked unbelievably 
sexy, her tight body all sinuous and aroused, her hard-nippled young 
tits barely jiggling as she stalked my dick. She knelt upright and put 
her free hand on my cock.
     "It's so big and hard and beautiful," she whispered. She kissed my 
cock, then leaned forward and rubbed it on each of her nipples. "I'm all 
ready for it," she said. "Don't make me wait any more...please?" Then 
she slowly sat back and began to recline, her fingers holding onto my 
dick as if it were the only thing keeping her from falling. 
     I felt hands brush the robe off my shoulders. I glanced left.Irene 
and Bonnie were naked. Bonnie was just leaning back into the circle of 
Irene's arms. Irene was caressing Bonnie's beautiful tits and licking 
her ear.
     Dolores finally let go of my cock. When she was sure my eyes were 
fixed on her, she whispered, "Want you. Watch!" With the wonderful 
limberness of youth, she brought her legs up and opened them, then 
wrapped her arms around the back of her knees -- which were almost even 
with her ears. Her fresh, lightly haired little pussy was winking up at 
me. Her clitoris was fearsomely swollen and as I got to my knees in 
front of her, I could see her cunt tighten and twitch.
     As I crawled up over her, Bonnie and Irene knelt beside me. Bonnie 
kissed my cheek and whispered, "Be sweet to her, like her fantasy."
     I understood and leaned down to kiss Dolores. She kissed me back, 
passionate and sweet and hungry. I raised my face as I felt Irene 
pressing against my side. Bonnie bent down to kiss her younger sister 
lightly on the cheek and eyes while Irene pressed her face next to mine. 
I turned my head toward her and kissed her.
     "It's you I want in my arms," I confessed. "Do you know that?"
     "I can feel it," she breathed into my mouth. "I want you, too. But 
you have a service to render, first." Her hand slid along my stomach and 
her fingers gripped and aimed my cock down at Dolores's little pussy.
     I let the woman I craved fit my knob into the welcoming teenaged 
cunt. Dolores moaned quietly and began wriggling her narrow hips as I 
pressed down and into her. It was a very tight fit, but she was
demanding and so were my swollen nuts.
     I looked down to see Bonnie spreading her sister's labia as my 
prick stretched Dolores's cunt. If she hadn't been so slippery with her 
arousal, it would never have entered -- but she was and it did. My glans 
squeezed into her and I thought that despite the evidence of my eyes, I 
must have gone into her ass. It was too tight and hot for it to be her 
cunt.
     Dolores let out a soft squeak and I froze. 
     "Are you okay, baby?" Bonnie asked, caressing her sister's face 
with both hands now. Dolores's face was tight, her eyes clenched shut, 
but she nodded jerkily.
     "It's just so big in there!" she managed to gasp. "It surprised 
me."
     "We can stop," I suggested, half-meaning it. The other half wanted 
to ram into her and unload in that impossibly tight young cunt. 
     "No, no -- I want it," Dolores said. Her eyes slowly opened, about 
halfway. "Please, I want it -- it's starting to feel good." She rolled 
her little hips experimentally, then arched them down till her swollen 
clitty was pressed against my thick shaft. She groaned in obvious 
pleasure. "Ohhhhh!" She bucked her hips up.
     I started pressing down and into her, feeling her young cunt give 
way slowly, reluctantly. The walls spread and stretched for me, but her 
cunt muscles were already fluttering. When I was halfway into her, she 
slid her hands down to my hips, let her knees catch on my shoulders -- 
and came.
     "Oh, yeah-yeah-yeah!" she hissed through clenched teeth. Her hips 
jerked and I watched her stomach ripple in time with the contractions on 
my cock. Bonnie leaned down and kissed her on the lips and I felt Irene 
get behind me and press her firm breasts into my back.
     I pushed steadily down and into as far as I could. Her cunt was 
sucking at my dick as well as massaging it. But then I felt the end of 
her cunt against me and she twitched uncomfortably. She'd reached her 
limit and we both knew it. I pulled back carefully and then slid into 
her again, a bit more easily.
     "All of it," she mumbled, barely coherent as she felt my prick 
rooting around in her cunt.
     "No, honey, it'll damage you," I told her and continued my steady 
plowing of her tight young furrow. 
     "Please..."
     Who was I to refuse? I knew what was needed and carefully worked 
her legs off my shoulders. I could feel her opening and relaxing inside 
with her body unrolled. I raised up and used my knees to nudge her 
thighs together so she lay stretched out beneath me. I reached under her 
with one hand and cupped her ass in my palm while I supported my weight 
off her on my other elbow. 
     She was even tighter this way, of course, but a little deeper, too. 
I pulled her up to me as I slid inside her, working carefully and slowly 
and more patiently than I really wanted to. She seemed to be taking a 
little more of my cock each time, but her little pussy was taking its 
toll of my self-control. 
     "Come on -- fuck me!" Dolores murmured, groaning and trying to hump 
herself against me faster than her position permitted. She brought her 
legs up and wrapped them around my thighs, then threw her arms around me 
and rammed herself onto me harder than I would have dared, hammering her 
cunt on my cock and forcing herself to open deeper, deeper, deeper...and 
then felt her tiny pubis against my hairy mat. I lowered her ass as I 
pulled out, then began pumping her up at me as I pistoned, faster and 
harder, into her.
     Beneath me, Dolores was cumming like a breached dam, writhing and 
hunching up at me. She was crashing her narrow hips up at me faster, 
demandingly, her cunt squeezing and pulling at me. I rammed into her as 
hard as I could, bone to bone, and held my dick deep in her. My balls 
tightened and jerked, my cock swelled even more inside her and then I 
began erupt inside her.
     Dolores had her arms wrapped around me and quivered inside as she 
felt my cock pulse. I poured a huge load into her, more than I think I'd 
ever cum before. It seemed like pints of hot cream gushed into her 
spasming young pussy. She was so stuffed with cock that my jism started 
slurping out of her cunt onto my balls. Even her tight and stretched 
tighter young pussy and labia couldn't hold it in, given the back-
pressure. She ground her pubis against me and continued pumping her cunt 
on my cock, even when my geysers slowed and sputtered. 
     My supporting arm was trembling. Still trapped in her sweet pussy, 
I managed to roll us over on the crowded bed, Irene and Bonnie
scrambling to make room. Then I lay on my back, panting, with the still 
shuddering teenager sprawled on me and my limpening dick buried in her 
continually trembling little cunt.
     Irene cuddled up next to me. "That was so hot," she breathed into 
my ear. "Seeing your big prick in her little cunt, seeing her cum like 
that, seeing you cum like that..." She kissed my ear, then licked it. My 
cock gave a little twitch and Dolores felt it and shook again. I bent my 
head forward and managed to kiss the top of her head.
     Bonnie was cuddling, too, more with her sister than me. She was 
running her hand over Dolores's narrow back, from her neck to her tight 
young ass and back again, murmuring and soothing.
     Dolores snuggled closer to all of us as she calmed down and her 
cunt relaxed a bit. I just lay there, trying to calm my racing heart, 
even when Bonnie slithered down on the bed, kissing her sister's smooth 
flesh, and pulled my limp prick out of Dolores's cunt. I could feel the 
juices pouring out onto my balls even as Bonnie got her face between 
Dolores's legs and started licking and sucking both of us clean.
     Some half-sleeping time later, we stirred and detached ourselves 
and started taking turns in the shower. Irene and I lingered, kissing 
and cuddling. I had the predictable physical reaction and suggested we 
do something about it. She suggested we wait till we were completely 
alone. 
     I liked that, a lot, and we kissed some more. 
     While Bonnie puttered in the kitchen, Dolores -- all freshly 
showered and smelling wonderful -- came in and plopped down on the bed 
with us. She kissed Irene and then kissed me. It was a sweet, loving and 
thoroughly tongue-free kiss. I began to hope that having finally gotten 
what she'd vowed to get, Dolores would now leave it alone. My hopes were 
raised even more when she saw my hard cock and giggled to Irene, "That's 
gotta be for you."
     "Guaranteed," I said.
     "I sure hope so," Irene said. 
     Dolores pulled on her clothes, talking about what she'd felt and 
then talking about getting in a swim and maybe something to eat. 
     My hopes soared.
     Irene was next for the shower and suddenly I was laying alone on 
the bed with my cock hard, but not really insistent. It had been one 
hell of a wake-up call for me. First Kate sucking me, then sandwiching 
her with her husband in her ass, then cramming my cock into Dolores and 
filling her with my cum. And I had an increasingly loving Irene Marie 
Pound to look forward to.
     Then the door to the front deck opened. Penny stood there looking 
at me. I realized, then, that she could well have been standing at the 
window and watching the entire thing.
     Penny came in, eyes wide and fixed on my dick. She finally met my 
gaze.
     "Wow." Was there a touch of envy in that, too? She took a step 
toward me. "So you got Bonnie and Irene and Mom and now, Dolores. And 
you and Irene are getting to be an item." She came to the side of the 
bed and put her tiny hand on my prick. I could see her nipples swollen 
inside her tee-shirt. She squeezed my cock once, still looking me in the 
eye. 
     "I hope you're not thinking it's your turn, now," I said.
     "Not now," she said. "Dolores could barely handle it. Maybe in a 
couple of years, though. What do you think?"
     "I think that's something to talk about then, with Irene Marie 
Pound. I hope she'll want to have a say in the matter."
     She took her hand of my cock, gave me that mischievous, impish grin 
and said, "I see. Well, maybe then she'll say, 'In for a Pound -- in for 
a Penny'?"
     She was backing away as she said it, but I still managed a direct 
hit with the pillow. She was returning fire, in style, when Irene 
returned from the shower and started helping -- Penny, that is. I won, 
of course -- barely -- but by then Irene was distracting me so much that 
I didn't notice when Penny crept out of the room...and closed the door. 
Pretty savvy for a kid who wouldn't even be twelve years old for another 
month!

AFTERWORD

     Well, that was a year ago last week. Kate and Mark have settled 
into a fairly swinging lifestyle, but they'll be canceling that in a 
couple of weeks. They've decided to have another baby. I hope like hell 
it's a boy. Mark's gotten his drinking under control and is back at work 
for some financial wire service. 
     Dolores settled down nicely, though at Christmas dinner she made it 
clear she was wishing for an encore. Irene told her it would be okay 
only if she made the honors list at school. Kate tells me she has never 
seen Dolores study so hard.
     Kate and Mark and I have agreed that it was nice -- that one time, 
but not really a good idea for us to get together like that again.
     Bonnie and Irene get together whenever they're both in town. 
Sometimes I join them; mostly I don't. Sometimes Bonnie and I get 
together alone, but not often. It's just lust with us; like being 
hungry, the more you eat the less you need. 
     I don't join Bonnie and Irene primarily because when Irene and I 
are together, we get totally caught up in each other, which can leave a 
third party feeling like exactly that -- the third party at a dance.
     But I don't mind the two of them getting it on without me. They 
have something special and loving and it doesn't threaten me. It was 
only when I felt absolutely sure about it that I proposed to Irene, and 
only when she was equally sure that she accepted.
     Penny and I have stayed close. She occasionally has a "date," (Kate 
has some pretty stringent restrictions on that) but seldom more than 
once with the same guy. Fellows her own age aren't sufficiently educated 
to keep her interest and older guys "just start growing hands all over 
the place." But every week or so, she'll come by my place in the city 
and destroy me at Scrabble or chess. We'll talk about all the stuff 
we've always enjoyed and sometimes she'll confide in me. Once in a 
while, she'll remind me that she's going to be gunning for me when she 
decides she ready, but I don't think she really means it. A shame, in a 
way. She's blossoming rapidly and is gorgeous little fox, sexy as hell. 
And she's no little kid any more; she'll be teenager in a few weeks. 
I'm going to have watch my step around her. 
     In the meantime, she's gotten into computers and programming and I 
think she's probably become quite a hacker. (I still know just enough to 
use the word processor and database and spreadsheet and sometimes get 
the modem to send stories to magazines or my publisher; Penny's been a 
big help with that).
     On the other hand, it's also meant I had to learn how to encrypt 
some files -- like this little diary -- so she can never get into them. 
I shudder to think what would happen if that imp ever got into this 
file! Fortunately, the security on this file is totally unbreakable.



END OF FILE

















Hi, honey! 
     Penny showed me how to read this. It's really sweet that you 
thought about me like that right from the start, from the first time we 
met. I figured at first you started liking me only after you and I and 
Bonnie made love that first time. Now I know that wasn't the start for 
you. It wasn't for me, either. I was fantasizing about you from the 
first time we met. I used to pump Kate for information about you and 
always made her promise never to tell a soul.
     And I never would have known if Penny hadn't showed me this. I'm so 
grateful to her that I couldn't refuse her that one request. It'll be a 
surprise for you.
                                                         Love you, honey!
                                                                    Irene


















     "Unbreakable"? Hah!
     And just for calling me "shrimp," why don't you call one of those 
Bulletin Boards I told you about -- the one in Brooklyn at 718-252-4531 
-- and download (if you can remember how!) a little story  called
BONNIE1.ZIP. The writing's not bad, but the spelling sucked -- until a 
certain Language Wizard (she said, with no false modesty) fixed it up 
(and replaced most -- but not all -- of the names). Maybe you'll get 
better if you practice Scrabble some more.
     By the way, "Uncle Dan," guess who's, uh, cumming for (her
birthday) dinner?
                                                          Love ya', stud!
                                                                Penny

--
