Reclaiming Breslar - Part1
by Dafydd Cyhoeddwr

*****

     Breslar was once a mighty Duchy, with an impressively massive castle
as its seat of power, much land and many subjects. The ruling family was
of long descent, with several intermarriages with the Royal line to
strengthen it. Breslar was second only to the kingdom itself ... until
the war.

     Marilliar, Breslar's parent kingdom, decided that it had to annex
its neighbor Lomik, a kingdom of equal strength and size. The ensuing war
was disastrous to both, leaving most of the continent lawless as well as
mostly peopleless.

     The Duke of Breslar's son returned to a changed Duchy to claim his
title. It was his right as the last living heir of Breslar's line,
according to the laws of the now dead and gone Royal line of Marilliar.
But, he found someone else in power.

                                     *

     Harn was more than weary as he finally rode across the border of the
land that was now his own. He was falling down exhausted, and only the
fact that he was on horseback kept him going at all. He had known his
Duchy would be changed - he had ridden through a land ravaged by the war,
desolation all about, and of the ten men he had taken with him from that
final battle, all had fallen to the bandits and marauders that now roamed
freely and made travel a chancy thing. The Kingdom was torn into small
bits of land, its nobles trying to keep their own lands theirs in the
wake of the destruction of Marilliar itself. Some few were trying to
expand, those who had held enough in reserve from the war to allow them
to actually attack their neighbors, trying to expand their own power,
trying to fill the gap left by the Kingdom itself. These bands of
attackers presented almost as much danger as the bandits, either trying
to co-opt his own men, or attacking him in their conquering frenzy. He
retained some home of something remaining of Breslar, though - he had
encountered the occasional territory held fast by the strength of the
steward left behind, and his father's steward, Manlakar, was a man of
incredible resources and strength.

     As he dazedly rode across his own lands, Harn was cheered to see few
signs of war - no burnt farmsteads, no untended fields, no flocks of
ravens feasting on the remains of battle. It took half a day to reach
Breslar Castle, still standing and in good shape. He thankfully rode
through the open gates, to be greeted by Manlakar himself. The man
demonstrated his wisdom by helping Harn from his horse and leading him
directly to his rooms. Manlakar said, "My Lord, rest you now - you look
to be exhausted. You can tell your tales on the morrow - the whereabouts
of your brothers and father, how the war went (though we know somewhat of
that), the whole thing. Your news can wait long enough for you to recover
somewhat from your journey." Harn stripped, washed himself perfunctorily,
and slipped into bed - the first comfortable sleeping arrangements he had
had in longer than he wanted to think about. In moments, he was fast
asleep.

     Somewhere in the night, he was wakened by someone getting into bed
with him. The soft feel of female flesh pressing into him recalled to him
that he hadn't slept with a woman in almost as long as he hadn't slept in
a bed. His flesh was not so tired that it didn't begin to respond
immediately.

     There was very little light in the room, but Harn needed only his
hands to discover that the woman in his bed was beautiful. She had long
hair; very soft, very full breasts with very small, very hard nipples; a
trim waist; and a very wet, very warm, very willing cunt. There was very
little foreplay - Harn's cock was starved and ready for action, and the
woman seemed to be in much the same mood. A few kisses, a fondle, and
then to action. The woman was an accomplished lover - skillful, athletic,
satisfying. Harn shot his first load quickly, but stayed hard within the
woman, who had yet to say a single word. His second orgasm took a little
while longer, with Harn stretching it as long as he could. His lover
writhed beneath him through several orgasms of her own before the stimuli
got to be too much for the young man. His second cum was so powerful, so
relaxing, that he fell asleep almost immediately, his half-hard cock
still within the mystery woman.

     When he next awoke, he felt perfect. Refreshed, satisfied, like new.
At first, he was sure that the mystery woman had been a dream, but upon
examining the sheets of his empty bed he discovered physical evidence of
her nocturnal presence.

     He cleaned up and went down to breakfast. In the dining hall, he met
Manlakar and they talked over a large meal about the war, the Breslar
line, and the Duchy. Afterwards, Manlakar took Harn to his father's
study, where the steward returned the Coronet and Seal of Breslar to the
new Duke. And after that, he introduced Harn to his niece Lhisan, an
incredibly beautiful, dark-haired young woman who looked at Harn with a
knowing twinkle in her eye. She said, "Pleased to meet you, Your Grace.
My, how youthful and handsome is our new Duke. We must plan a party to
present you to the populace - let them know that their Duke has returned
from war."

     The idea was finally accepted, after much persuasion. The date was
set for two weeks hence, giving plenty of time for the heralds to
proclaim the occasion and for the castle staff to prepare. And, for
Lhisan and Harn to get better acquainted.

     It turned out that Harn had little else to do but spend time with
Lhisan. The duchy had learned to take care of itself in the day to day
things, and there hadn't been time or energy in a long time for frivolous
court functions. So, the castle had very few servants in residence - and
the few staff were easily managed by Manlakar. Fortunately, Lhisan was
not difficult to spent time with. She was very good at finding fun things
to do. Though Harn would have been happy to spend all day in bed with
her, she only permitted it at night, once per night. Every time they did
it, he fell asleep immediately afterward, waking up the next day feeling
fully refreshed no matter how long they took in their pleasure.

     By the time of the Ball, the Duchy was coming back to life. People
were filtering in from all sides, and the Castle was bustling again. Many
people commented on how good Harn looked - how young and fit. Harn was
surprised by the compliments he received, but took them well.

     The party was a success, and there were many comments about how
young the new Duke looked, how he was the youngest Duke they had ever
had. This confused Harn even more: Harn was almost thirty, and his own
father had become Duke when twenty three. But, the attentions of Lhisan
distracted him from wondering quite well, and he enjoyed himself
immensely at the party.

     That night, he and Lhisan made love several times - her skill at
keeping him erect, or getting him ready again within minutes of an orgasm
was fully demonstrated as she coaxed him through 4 orgasms, after the
last of which he fell asleep completely exhausted. So exhausted, in fact,
that he didn't notice as Lhisan drew two more cums from his comatose
body.

     When he awoke next morning, alone as usual, he padded naked into me
bathing room to shave. When he saw himself in the mirror, however, he
gasped. He looked barely past puberty! Somehow, he had dropped more than
15 years from his looks. There was no hair on his chest, only a few under
his arms, just a light coating about his cock, and only the faintest
peachfuzz on his cheeks. And that face - none of the experience of his
years showed. It and his body both looked young, almost childlike. The
change was staggering.

     He dressed hurriedly in tunic and hose, neither of which fit
properly any more. He slipped into his boots, which were a little loose,
and hurried downstairs and into the main hall, looking for someone to
explain to him what was going on.

     He met Lhisan on the way. "My, don't you look fine," she said, and
Harn blushed, feeling strangely like a 14 year old speaking to an older,
beautiful woman. "Would my little man like to spend some time alone with
me in his room?" she continued, brushing by him to head back toward his
rooms, while making contact with as much of her body as possible. Harn
found himself following her without thinking, his body - especially his
cock - leading him on, it seemed.

     When they were back in his room, Harn asked in a voice that was much
in keeping with his new body - rather higher than it had been, and prone
to cracking - "Lhisan, what has happened to me? Why do I look so young?"

     "Questions later, you little stud. Come to bed and be good to me,
and then I'll tell you everything."

     Harn found this sudden interest in daylight sex suspicious, but his
young and hormone-ridden body had no qualms about it. He was out of his
ill-fitting clothes in a flash and on the bed with an equally naked
Lhisan. He fondled her luscious body with a first-timer's avidness and
tentativeness that eventually gave way to his years of experience. He
urged Lhisan to three climaxes with his tongue and hands before using his
cock to plow her pussy to several more. And, as she had done the night
before, she kept him hard after he came, and he came again, and once more
without softening. Then, as he started to wilt after the third cum, she
went to work in earnest, taking control from him, working him to a fourth
and fifth orgasm, getting him hard again easily after each one. After the
fifth orgasm, Harn was doing nothing but laying there watching Lhisan
taking his cock into her mouth, flooding his body with pleasure. He
passed out from it well before she coaxed his cum from his balls for that
sixth time, and he knew nothing of the seventh and last time.

     The quality of the sun shining through his window told Harn that it
was late afternoon when he again opened his eyes. Almost fearfully, he
went to his mirror and was suitably appalled. The person in the mirror -
it couldn't be him. The reflection was of a child - young, maybe ten but
no more. Hairless, with none of the muscles and planes of the adult he
had been, thin, childlike - except for two oddities. First, there was the
cock which was incongruously adult on the young body - it alone looked
the same as it had on the adult version of Harn. The second strangeness
was the total lack of a scrotum, not even a child's. Small fingers
reached down and pulled up that large cock to reveal to Harn directly
that his balls were indeed gone.

     "Lhisan," he said in a child's voice. "Lhisan has done this to me!"

     He threw on a tunic that was now like a tent on him and stormed out
and down the stairs, and into the great hall. He met one of the cleaning
staff and said, "Tell me where Lhisan is."

     The maid said, "Now, now, little boy. Slow down. Why do you want to
find Lady Lhisan?"

     "I ..." began Harn, getting angry at the insolence of the maid.
Fortunately, he hadn't been duke long enough to get used to automatic
respect, so he was able to reign himself in, remember the image he
presented, and say, "Please, ma'am, I have a message for her and it is
urgent. Do you know where the Lady is?"

     "That's better, lad. And, who dresses you, anyway? That tunic is far
too big ... Anyway, Lady Lhisan is in her chambers. You know where they
are?"

     "Yes, ma'am, and thank you." Harn hurried off in the opposite
direction, toward the guest apartments.

     When he got to Lhisan's rooms, he barged into them to find her
lounging in a chair wearing an unbelted and half-open robe, reading a
book. When she noticed him, she said, "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know it
was so late."

     "What the hell did you do to me, bitch! Why do I look like a child?"

     "My my, such language from such a little boy. Just sit down and be
quiet and I'll explain. But first, put this on."

     She had in her hand a band of cloth attached to a cut black stone.
Harn had no idea why he went calmly over to her and took the band. He
looked at it for a moment, noticing that the stone was shaped into a
seven pointed star, and that it was almost translucent. Lhisan said, "Go
ahead, put it around your neck." Harn's hands moved automatically,
stretching the strange cloth and putting it over his head, settling it
finally around his neck so that the stone star fit in to the hollow of
his throat.

     "And now, your answers," said Lhisan. "First, the individual you met
who called himself Manlakar is not. He has been replaced by a demon who
has a very special mission here on your earth. I am not Manlakar's niece
either - he does not even have a niece named Lhisan. I am from the same
realm as the one who masquerades as Manlakar - a demoness to aid him. As
of yet, you are our only subject/victim, but there will be more - many
more.

     "Our mission is simple: the arch-demon Phreznin intends to establish
a world of his own. So, Merhel - the Manlakar-demon, and I are here to
collect all of the male and female seed from this portion of the
continent for use by our Master Phreznin. A side effect of our gathering
process is a reversion of the body of the victim into childhood, although
the sexual organs remain adult and functional. The reversion is normally
only about a decade, though frequency of use before final withdrawal
increases that, and by continued use after final withdrawal, I could
continue to regress you all the way back to infancy.

     "In order to keep our mission secret, you and our future victims
will have a block put upon your memories so that, unless it is required
otherwise by Merhel or myself, you will be a ten year old boy in every
way. Except one. Come here, little one."

     Harn's body was no longer entirely his own - Lhisan seemed to have a
strange control over it apart from the effect she had on his appearance.
He walked over to her unprotestingly, unable any longer to voice his
outrage at what she had done t him. He stood passively still while she
stripped from him his oversized tunic, but he gasped when she took his
adult cock in her hand, and again when it erected. The sensations it
generated were heightened by the fact that he had a child's body, which
magnified the feelings somehow.

     Lhisan bent down and began to suck on Harn's cock, slurping and
slobbering on its hard and throbbing length, sliding her hand up and down
after her mouth to add to the sensations that were driving him wild.

     She slurped off of his cock and said, smiling, "Well, this will take
a few more months off your body-age, but its worth it, I think. Your cock
is *so* nice and hard. Now, just lie back and let me go for a little
ride."

     Harn flopped backwards onto the bed and Lhisan's order and she
climbed onto him, straddling his hips. Once she was positioned over his
cock she bent her knees and squatted over him, guiding his cock into
contact with her pussy, and then sliding herself down onto it until it
was fully inside of her. Then, gripping his small waist she began pumping
up and down on it, faster and faster until she came, and again, and
again. Finally, Harn came, powerfully and drainingly, and immediately
fell asleep.

     And that was only the beginning.

                                 -*-

     Jamon walked into the inn that the notice had indicated and headed
for the rear booth on the left. He found the booth occupied already, and
slipped into the booth opposite the mailed woman and the child.

     He said, "You Arra?" At the mailed woman's nod, he continued,
"Name's Jamon. I'm free for a while so ... what's the job?"

     Arra said, "Breslar."

     Jamon started sliding himself out of the booth. Arra said, "No wait!
Please? I need help, Master Jamon. I cannot do this alone."

     Jamon turned back and said, "Of course you can't! An army couldn't
clean out Breslar. That place has been a black spot on this continent for
almost ten years. No one has ever come back from a mission to Breslar.
What do you need done there that two can accomplish? And, what's in it
for me?"

     "I have learned the secret of Breslar, as well as the way to defeat
it. All I need is some protection getting to the Castle itself - once
there, I should be able to do the rest. As to payment, it is said that
the treasury of the Duchy still lies in the vaults beneath the Castle.
Half shall be yours upon the successful defeat of the two who hold
Breslar in thrall. Believe me, our talents combined shall be enough to
win the day."

     "Well, I am a sell-sword, and I go where I'm paid to go. All right,
to Breslar it is. When do we leave?"

     "Soon, very soon," said Arra. "But first, there is something you
must do ... that must be done to you, rather. Um, come, let's talk in my
room - its more private there. I'll explain the details there."

     Jamon followed the beautiful woman up two flights of stairs to her
room, the unnamed child trailing behind. Arra was slender, with long dark
hair - down to her curvy yet tiny ass. Her small-ringed mail was shaped
to her torso, presenting the hillocks of her breasts to all. She bore no
weapon, and Jamon wondered just why she wore the mail - warriors normally
went fully decked out or left all martial trappings behind.

     Arra's room was really a small suite, intended for parties of
guests. She offered Jamon the third of the four bedrooms that opened off
of the common living room if he so desired, and the mercenary, thinking
of his little one-cot room across town, accepted readily. His last
employer hadn't been in any condition to pay off his debts after the
debacle that ended the lives of most of the caravan Jamon had done his
best to guard. Unfortunately, the seven other sellswords hired to keep
the nine wain caravan safe had been more than a little rotted out - there
was more dreamdust in the saddlebags of the guards than in the stock of
the merchant. Thus, he was rapidly running out of money, which was the
main reason he was thinking about accepting this job, foolhardy as it
sounded.

     Jamon struggled to push those bad memories out of his mind - at
least there were few still alive that knew how badly his last job had
gone - while Arra busied herself neatening up and settling the three of
them into soft chairs in the living room. She produced a cold flask of
something green and fiery for herself and Jamon, and a small glass of
something that smelled fruity for the child.

     She finally settled nervously into a chair, and sipped at her drink
for a while before speaking. Jamon didn't mind - he was slyly staring at
Arra and her lovely oval face and violet almond-shaped eyes.

     Finally, Arra said, "It took me a long time and much hard work, but
finally I have learned just what has been going on in Breslar. In short,
Phreznin the Arch-Demon is using the Duchy as a life-source to enable him
to create a world of his own. He has employed two demons to do this for
him, and they have been draining the seed from everyone passing close
enough to the Castle to become ensnared in their glamours. The result of
this draining is a reversal of aging in all but the sexual organs, as
well as complete mental control of the victims.

     "My sources came up with three ways to prevent the mind-control and
the seed-drain of the demons, but just one way to banish the demons
themselves and restore their victims.

     "Let me introduce Helleara, my magician companion and mentor. I
should admit that it was much by her effort that I have learned as much
as I have about the blight in Breslar. And she has taken the most
difficult of the three protections: before the regressional magic too
hold, she was night twice my age."

     The child Helleara spoke up for the first time. "You impudent little
scad! 'Twice my age' indeed! I am but old enough to be your big sister,
and not a year more. Now, stop circling the problem my dear - this man
needs to know what will be required of him. Tell on, Arra, and tell
straight." Jamon noticed then the age behind the blonde-haired child's
green-gold eyes, as well as the open affection that was not in any way
shallow and childlike upon her face as she chided Arra.

     The mail-clad woman smiled back at the child and said, "Well, Jamon,
take the truth of Helleara's age somewhere between the two assessments.
But the extend of the regression is not important - only the fact of it.
Helleara has been transformed in body back to about 11 or 12 years, but
her mind is the same and all of her magic is available to her. In that
body, she is immune to the magics of the two demons in Breslar.

     "I ... I took on the second method of protection. I, by means of
powerful magics, have ... have ..."

     Helleara took up where the embarrassed Arra left off. "The second
method involved the removal of both sexual organs and sexual desire. Poor
Arra, she's locked up tighter than an unwilling virgin in a cast iron
chastity belt, and far more permanently, too."

     Jamon was as embarrassed as Arra by Helleara's frank disclosure, but
decided that it was a sacrifice worthy of freeing Breslar. Jamon also
began to worry just what kind of method was left of the three; what would
be required of his body to protect it from the demons.

     Finally, Arra was able to continue. "So, to your part. The third
method falls to you, for we are not sure of the efficacy of any one of
these methods, and believe that having all three among our troupe will
ensure that one of us is able to complete the exorcism of the demons. It
is ... um, the third method is to merge the male and female essences of
the subject, to thwart the genderly specific magics of the two demons.
So, both Helleara and I will apply magics to you that will blend male and
female in your body."

     "Whoa now! Wait just a damn minute! 'Blend male and female'? What
does that mean exactly? And, can you undo it?" Jamon was definitely put
off by Arra's disclosure, and was seriously considering backing out, no
matter the state of his purse at the moment.

     "It will be a simple procedure to return your body to its original
state, as long as our mission takes less than two moons. After that ...
well, it may be impossible in that case. But if we take that long,
probabilities are that we will have failed by then anyway.

     "As to the exact effects - well, we just don't know. It effects
people differently. In most cases, one takes on characteristics of both
sexes. To what degree depends on factors that have not yet been
determined."

     "So," said Jamon cautiously, "what, I'd end up with, um, breasts or
something?"

     "Or something, yes."

     "I see. This is a somewhat unusual contition for taking a job, you
must admit. Do you think I could take some time to consider this?"

     Arra looked like she didn't want to let him get away, but finally
she said, "Okay. Be back in the bar downstairs at 8 AM tomorrow with your
'yes' or 'no'. We must begin as soon as possible: the conditions that
Helleara and I have put upon ourselves are not all that pleasant, either,
and suffer the same deadline for reversion as well."

     Jamon thought long and hard on his way back to his little room, and
well into the night. Somehow, possibly not completely rationally, he came
to a decision somewhere in the middle of the night.

     He was sitting in the bar of the Inn Arra was staying at when she
came down the stairs. He rose and went to meet her when she reached the
bottom, and said, "I'm with you. Let's begin."

Arra smiled, and turned back up the stairs.  Jamon followed her back to
her rooms, where Helleara was still sleeping.

     Telling the sellsword to make himself comfortable, Arra first woke
the mage-child up, then started mixing some potions while Helleara took a
trip to the bathroom.

     Everything was ready by the time Helleara returned. Arra had the
child check her preparations to be sure of their composition while Jamon
was instructed to strip down to his loincloth. Then, he was given two
flasks to drink, and the two mages painted a circle in blue on the rough
wooden planks of the floor, then surrounding it with strange white runes.
When both flasks were empty (not as difficult a task as it might have
been - neither had a disgusting taste, though neither was particularly
appetizing either), Jamon was instructed to lay flat on his back inside
the blue circle. When he was in position, the two mages closed the last
gap in the circle, and inscribed the last rune, completing the first
portion of the ritual.

     Helleara knelt just outside the circle to Jamon's left and began
chanting softly. Arra took up a position opposite, and said, "The first
flask we gave you was a strengthener - the changes from this spell will
by fueled by the energy in your body, and that potion will make sure you
are not sapped fatally.

     "The second flask was a combination of two things. One is an
expediter for the spell, and the other a sleeping draught. It should be
taking hold any second now. When you awaken, we will be ready for our
mission. I will see to it that your equipment is altered to fit whatever
changes manifest in your body. Everything will be fine, Jamon, don't
worry ..." And Jamon's eyes closed, his breathing deepened, and he was
unconscious.

     Arra swallowed, prepared herself, and began to chant, too. She
swiftly fell into Helleara's rhythm, and power soon ringed the sleeping
man, filling the blue circle from floor to ceiling. Purple lightning
laced the air above Jamon, occasionally darting down in one collective
bolt to crash into his body and flash through it from head to toe. These
jolts caused Jamon's sleeping face to wrinkle in pain, but the bolts
themselves left no mark.

     The chanting rose in pitch and speed, higher, faster, louder, until
it peaked in one long, loud note and then cut off instantly. The
lightning flickered out, and the blue of the circle evaporated - the
spell was complete.

     Both women took a moment to catch their breath before opening their
eyes to watch the transformation that was beginning slowly. Jamon had a
fine warrior's body - well muscled but not over-developed, trim,
handsome. As Arra watched, that body began to change.

     His face softened, became a little rounder, a little less harsh. The
jaw lengthened, though, hollowing his cheeks. His eyes got slightly
larger and his lips grew more full. His hair became finer, thicker, and
much, much longer while it lightened to a lovely silver-blonde from its
former straw color. The changes in his chest began with it getting
flatter and shallower, as the built-up muscles of his pectorals melted
away. Then, it began to grow again, little hillocks rising under each
nipple, then swelling larger and larger, until he had a fine pair of
medium-sized breasts.

     His waist, meanwhile, became smoother if not much thinner as again
the musculature faded away under softer skin and a slight layer of fat.
His hips, though, swelled greatly, ripping the sides of his loincloth as
they expanded. His arms and legs also lost their masculine definition,
becoming more femininely shaped while retaining almost all of his former
strength.

     The faint glow that surrounded Jamon's body was still present long
after the physical changes ceased. Arra noted that there was actually
very little of the male left in what she could see of Jamon. She wondered
what was happening under the tatters of loincloth, and whether those
changes were really enough to keep the male and female balanced in
Jamon's new body.

     When the glow was at last gone, Array reached out and removed the
upper portion of the loincloth. She saw that he still had a cock (and a
fine one, too). It was fringed by a small patch of the same color hair as
was on his head. His balls were as hairless as the rest of his body, and
they looked somehow strange. Hesitantly, though only curious, Arra
reached out and touched Jamon's genitals, trying to discover what was so
strange about those balls.

     And she found it. His scrotum was divided, half for each ball,
though they normally rested together in such a way as to seem a single
sac with a deep crease. Arra found, however, that the split had been
caused by the remarkable development below Jamon's cock - he had acquired
a cunt. Just a vagina, actually, with the bisected scrotum serving as odd
lips, and possibly his cock serving in place of the clitoris. Arra found
it very, very interesting.

     She probed a finger into the slightly moist cavity, and she smiled
when she noticed Jamon's hips wriggle in reaction. There was more than a
bit of jealousy and envy in that smile, though, as she briefly recalled
what it had felt like to feel something probing within her pleasurably.
She rued not taking Helleara's suggestion of spending a day or three
having a major orgy before taking upon herself the sealing spell - now
she had no real desire for sex, though a little kernel of unfulfilled
need remained buried in her mind.

     Arra removed her hands from Jamon's anatomy and noticed Helleara
casting a spell. As the child moved her hands and chanted, a pile of
equipment - armor, a trail pack, scattered clothes, a saddle, and weapons
- took from to her right. When the spell was complete, Helleara said,
"Thought I'd save some time. Since the merc didn't think to lug his stuff
along with him, I decided to fetch it. Now we can get it ready for his
new incarnation, then be backed and ready to leave by 11 or so."

     Arra nodded. Helleara looked like a child in every way (well, save,
perhaps for those old eyes), but her mind was just as sharp and wise as
ever. Piece by piece, the two of them altered Jamon's things magically
into proper shape for his/her new body. Some things had to be created
from scratch - such as a halter for his new breasts - but when the two
women were done, Jamon had all the equipment he would need to function as
an almost-female warrior.

     By then the sleeping draught was wearing off, and Jamon began to
moan. Despite the strengthener he had been given, the magic that had
altered his body had wracked it but good, and he felt weak and strange,
as if his skin didn't fit quite right. He moaned again, and rolled his
head to the side. When it stopped throbbing, he opened his eyes. Arra
noticed that even their color had altered - while they had been an
average-to-pale blue, they were now a vivid and bold violet, a color that
seemed to blaze forth from the beautiful and strong female face.

     Jamon parted his newly reshaped lips and worked his jaw and tongue
for a bit, as if trying to get used to them. Finally he said, "Did it
work?" in a voice an octave and a half above what it used to be. Both
Arra and Helleara nodded, and he closed his eyes again, almost as if he
was disappointed. Then, mustering strength for the effort, he sat up and
braced himself on his arms, looking at his new body (not to mention
complete nakedness) with astonshment and near shock.

     Hesitant fingers began to explore. Jamon felt his soft, smooth skin,
his breasts - so full, firm, and erotically sensitive - and nipples,
which erected at the slightest touch. He ran a still-lightly callused
palm down his side and onto his hip, marveling at the softness overlying
strength that he detected, as well as the lack of body hair. With only a
slight hesitancy due to the presence of the two women in the room, he
closed his hand about his cock and began to squeeze it - he wanted to
make sure that it still worked.

     To his immense relief, he felt it start to harden. But, as it did,
he felt something else strange in his groin. With his other hand he
cupped his balls, and as they separated, he discovered his new vagina!

     He was just about to cry out in surprise and outrage when his middle
finger slipped into the moist opening. His cry turned into a rather loud
gasp of pleasure as he felt his vagina penetrated. The slick walls felt
like all of the other cunts he had ever fingered, but being able to feel
the sensations that activity generated was new and mindblowing. His other
hand began moving even faster on his cock as he dug another finger into
his new cunt.

     Completely oblivious to the presence of the others, Jamon continued
to double-masturbate himself. His cock was rock hard and straining, and
he felt it would have shot off but something was holding it back. His
other hand was working in his new cunt furiously, two, then three fingers
pumping in a lather of female juices. His strange new female feelings
built up farther and farther until finally his new cunt broke in orgasm.
As his new cavity spasmed in release, his cock finally released geysers
of thick, white cum into the air. He sighed deeply and fell back on the
floor, drained.

     Eventually, he sat up again. He saw Arra and Helleara staring at him
and he blushed. He said, "By the edge, I'm sorry. That was so ... crude.
I ... I touched myself just to reassure myself that e ... everything
still worked. But, once I had, I couldn't stop. And ..."

     Helleara said, "Hey kid, stop worrying about it. We've both seen and
done that before, and I think that you 'couldn't stop' because of a side
effect of the spell. Now, let's familiarize you with your new gear so we
can get moving."

                             *

     Within two weeks, Jamon was accustomed to his new self. He grew
comfortable with his new gear first, but it had been shaped to his new
body and wasn't hard to get used to. Next came comfort with his new body,
which was very much like his old one in the important ways. With a little
practice and constant drill, he was soon able to wield his weapons with
the same sureness as before. As a bonus, he found a new pleasure in the
movements of sworddrill from his new body. Lastly, he finally accepted
the oddness of his new sexuality. The combination of male and female in
him seemed, as Helleara had suggested, to stimulate his libido, so that
he was all but forced to jerk off several times a day. In deference to
his two companions, and what they had left behind for this quest, he took
care to be alone when he satisfied his new cravings.

     Which was fine as long as they traveled in civilized lands and were
able to stay at inns. Arra had enough gold to provide a separate room for
him, and he was able to slake his lusts fully, even if alone. But, the
lands around Breslar had been gradually depopulated by the demons in the
Castle, so that for traveling for a little over two weeks the trio was
forced to camp at night, and they had only packed along one tent, which
turned a strained situation into an explosive one. It wasn't that Jamon
was so dishonorable as to force himself upon someone. But, sleeping so
close to a woman he considered beautiful but who was totally unavailable
was putting a terrible strain on his resolve.

     Fortunately, Helleara noticed Jamon's difficulty and brought it to
the attention of Arra along with a possible solution. That night, the
child-crone absented herself from the tent to leave the two 'adults'
alone.

     There was a strained silence for a while as Jamon tried to restrain
himself, and Arra tried to implement Helleara's plan. Finally she decided
to go the direct route. She turned on her side to face Jamon and said,
"It ... it's been obvious to both Helleara and I that you've been having
a rough time ... um ... well, sexually. I know I told you that I removed
the temptation of sex from myself in order to resist the demons in
Breslar but - what I'm trying to say is that much of my body is still
able to participate in sex: only my womanhood is sealed. I ... I don't
know how much I can respond in my present state, but ... but I found you
handsome before the transformation, and quite beautiful now, and if I can
help assuage the discomfort I helped put you into, then I'm, happy to do
so."

     Jamon was stunned by Arra's offer. He restrained himself long enough
to say, "Thank you from the bottom of my heard, Arra," before crossing
the space between their bedrolls and kissing her passionately. She
responded well, if not overpoweringly. She even felt a bit of desire deep
within her and wondered just how effective the course she had taken to
protect herself would be.

     Jamon began by disrobing Arra. She wore only a lightweight tunic and
loose breeches, so it was quickly done. Arra's body was beautiful -
clean-lined, lithe, with full breasts and hips, and a full bush of hair
between her legs. Jamon kissed her again on the mouth, then each breast
as he ran his hand into her crotch. He wasn't surprised to find no
opening there whatsoever, but he knew other ways to enjoy a woman, as
well as entertain one.

     His hand continued under her body to her anal opening, and was
relieved to feel her body respond just a bit. He went back to playing
with her breasts and kissing her for a while, trying to bring Arra to the
same pitch of arousal he was at, but she seemed incapable of attaining
it. Finally, he turned her over gently and got her onto her knees,
stroking her body the while, and began preparing her asshole for
penetration by licking it.

     He could tell that he wouldn't be the first into her ass: it was too
responsive, to educated to be virgin. He was glad - fucking an ass with
only spit for lubrication could be tricky if it was to go well, and
having an educated partner would really help.

     When Arra was ready, Jamon took a second or five to spit into his
hand and slick down his throbbingly hard cock before placing the head of
it against Arra's opening and pushing surprisingly easily all the way in.
He was soon in to the hilt and, waiting only a second, he began to pump
in and out.

     It was heaven. Jerking off relieved his tension, but Jamon really
needed to fuck, and Arra's ass, while not the method of choice, was
infinitely better than using his hand.

     Jamon continued to pump through three orgasms before he couldn't go
on any more. As far as he could tell, Arra hadn't orgasmed even once, but
when he asked if she needed release, she said, "No, Jamon, I don't. I
don't think I can orgasm in this state. Your fucking made me feel very
good, but you haven't left me hanging either. Thank you for asking,
though."


Reclaiming Breslar - Part 2
by Dafydd Cyhoeddwr

*****

     Their journey continued, with Helleara leaving the tent each night
for an hour or so so that Arra could help assuage Jamon's needs. She took
him up her ass many times, sucked him off and ate him out too, and one
night they found a present from Helleara - a dildo. Jamon then learned
what it felt like to be fucked up both ass and cunt, and he enjoyed it
immensely.

     Crossing into Breslar wasn't spectacular - they had been traveling
through battle-like desolation for the past two days, and it wasn't
appreciably worse across the border. The main change the crossing brought
on was in the little band's behavior. They were now half a day from the
Castle and the demons it housed, so they hid their weapons and donned
their disguises.

     When they reached the Ducal seat it was as two peasant women and the
child of one of them. They were received as at any castle, save that the
servants who saw to their needs were all children - not one looked more
than 12 years old. Ostlers took their horses, pages their bags, and a
cute, very young girl played chatelaine and showed them to their suite.
It was a large complex of rooms, far larger than they needed, sumptuously
appointed and very comfortable.

     The last page to leave after placing a saddle-bag in the common room
of the suite said, "Mid-meal has passed, my ladies, but we can bring you
a cold plate if you wish. Last-meal will begin at 6 - you will be
summoned at the proper time. If you need anything, just call."

     The three adventurers settled into three separate rooms in the
suite, then gathered in Arra's room to discuss their plan of action.

     Helleara spoke first. "I've warded this room as subtly as I can.
They shouldn't be able to either overhear us or detect the warding
itself. Arra, have you decided how we are going to deal with our hosts,
the demons?"

     "After due consideration, yes I have made the determination.
Ekrode."

     Helleara stared, and said, "But how are we going to get it into the
food?! I will admit that ekrode is probably the best choice, but it must
be within the subject to be at all effective, and the more the better.
How are you going to get the demons to ingest it?"

     Arra hesitated, looking acutely embarrassed. Finally, hesitantly,
she said, "I-I'm afraid that Jamon w-will again be called upon to d-do
the hardest part." Turning to Jamon, she said, "The specifics of the
spells we want to use to banish the demons indicate that 'ekrode' must be
within the tissues of the victim. While mixing it with food or wine is
the most obvious way to get it into a person, I have thought of another
way to accomplish the same thing."

     She was silent long enough for Jamon to get impatient. He had not
the slightest idea of what ekrode was, nor what spells it would aid. He
also had no idea of why Arra seemed so embarrassed about her plan, but if
the stuff needed to be inside the demons for the spells to work, it
needed to be there. Finally, exasperated, he said, "Well? How?" What was
he going to be asked to do?

     "Ahhhh ... um ...," Arra began. She looked at him, then away.
Softly, she said, "Sex."

     Helleara laughed but Jamon just stared blankly. Arra continued, "If
mixed into a lubricant, and if said lubricant is used in ... in anal sex,
it will be absorbed into the bodies involved."

     The light of understanding dawned on Jamon's face. He recalled
stories told among his mercenary fellows - something usually called
'spiking the slicer'. The stories confirmed Arra's words, that lubricant
(or substances in lubricant, at least) was absorbed into the body during
sex. The stories had told of using everything from brandy, wine, or ale
to dreamdust and joyweed, either mixing the various intoxicants with
lube, or using it straight. The effects of the 'spiked slicer' were at
least as good as the normal methods of ingestion, and for certain drugs,
far better.

     Jamon thought back to the beginning of the sexual sessions between
himself and Arra and wondered how the many times he had explored her anal
passage (and later, she his) had influenced her decision.

     The progression of their their games reminded him of an alternate
solution. He said, "Why does this have to be me? You wielded that dildo
to quite excellent effect on me - why couldn't you do the same to the
demons?"

     Arra said, "Yes, that is an option that I will keep in mind. But,
though we both have some odd anatomical features, yours is the ... less
suspicious, shall we say. A woman with functioning sex organs of both
genders is far less threatening than a woman with no sex organs at all,
especially considering the lures that the demons use to ensnare their
victims. No, you are, I'm sorry to say, our best first line of action.

     "Now, we must persuade Merhel - the male demon - to sample your
charms first. Without a doubt, he will find you a surprise, but I think a
pleasant one. You must do your best to maneuver the action to a state
where you can use the lube. In fact, if he should want to do something
that requires lube, let him - it will do you no harm to absorb some more
ekrode at the same time that he does. Next, we will need to get Lhisan
into your bed - most likely, she will come to you at Merhel's bidding.
After that, Helleara and I will cast the spells that will drive the two
demons from our plane and seal it to Phreznin for many, many years, if
not forever."

     Arra had produced a clay urn stoppered with cork, and she presented
it to Jamon. "I took the liberty of preparing the mixture before hand,
soon after the idea presented itself to me. Good luck, Jamon," she said,
and kissed him.

     He took the jar and the kiss and said, "I'm going to need it."

                                    *

     Jamon sat in front of the mirror in his room and looked at himself
without really seeing anything. He was acutely nervous - it was now
several hours after the lavish evening meal and by all predictions his
first seducer would arrive at any time.

     The meal had been a delight to the palate and very hard on the
nerves. In all the rather small hall - not the main hall of the castle, a
page had explained - only Jamon and Arra, and their hosts the Steward
Manlakar and his niece Lhisan, were above the age of 14, and most present
were under 12. It had been disconcerting to see so many children around
so few adults, especially with the knowledge that all of those children
had once *been* adults, some castle functionaries, some duchy residents,
others merely travelers, or perhaps fortune hunters like themselves.
Helleara had cautioned them all about the ubiquitous seven pointed stars
held by a cloth band to the throats of all the children present - she
said that the black stone was a physical spell that maintained the
control the demons had over their victims. She told them to avoid all
contact with those stars.
     The three guests had been introduced to the Steward and his niece,
and then had been seated about half the room away from them. This left
only long glances and speculation among the three about the two demons in
human guise, speculation that increased Jamon's unease. Both demons were
very good looking, and Manlakar looked not much older than Lhisan, as if
his sibling that had been Lhisan's parent had been far older than him
(which was, of course, only fancy as the demons were probably not
related, and in any case could not have been related in an uncle-niece
manner as demons didn't reproduce like humans).

     And now, Jamon waited for one of them, probably Manlakar-who-was-
really-Merhel, to arrive for a liaison. And it was thinking about this
tryst that was making him apprehensive. He had only had sex with Arra
since his body change, and he felt comfortable enough with her to do it
because she had helped to created him. Now it was *required* that he have
sex with a total stranger, and a male at that. Not that he had never
taken a male lover before (though always as the active partner, of
course), but - well, it was different now. He was beginning to worry a
little about that - about how good the latter days of his and Arra's
dalliances had come to be after the gift of the artificial phallus.

     His vision cleared and his reflection looked back at him. He was
wearing only a brief loincloth, leaving his considerable feminine charms
on display. He tried to forget for an instant that his reflection was
him, but was rather some woman preparing to come to bed with him. The
long, oval face, the long straight hair of sliver-blonde, the exquisite
breasts, full but not huge, firm but not rocky. He felt the male within
him rouse, and of course, the manhood between his legs responded. The
loincloth began to tent, and the way it rubbed against the softness of
the satiny cloth excited him even more. He stood and backed away from the
mirror until he could see the 'woman' from head to mid-thigh. Then,
keeping the separation between himself and the mirror's image strong, he
removed the wisp of satin from around his hips, revealing the secrets of
the strange woman. He tried his best to gauge his honest reaction to that
silver fringed cock at the center of those womanly hips, but found that
he didn't know whether the heightened desire he began to feel was genuine
to his fantasy, or applied to his total acceptance of his new self. He
stroked his cock several times, then let a hand slip between his balls
and touch his womanhood, which was hot and wet and achingly empty.
Reluctantly, he removed his hands from his loins and stooped to pick up
his loincloth. He turned from the mirror and its alluring image, trying
to suppress his manhood enough to wrap it back in satin. Barely
succeeding, he sat back down to continue waiting.

     Some short time later - time spent staring mindlessly out the window
at reflected moonglow - Jamon sensed someone behind him. He hadn't heard
the door open, but then, he hadn't been exactly paying attention either.
It could have been either Arra or Helleara, so he turned around slowly.
Instead of either of his companions, though, he saw Manlakar/Merhel
standing there in a velvet robe and nothing else as far as he could tell.

     The handsome human-formed demon said, in a voice that was deep and
rumbling and sexy, "I see I have caught you in a revealing state of
dress, Lady J'mon (which was the pseudonym he had been introduced as). I
apologize, but also confess that the view pleases me."

     Jamon's second reaction (after the first one of embarrassed
surprise) was a very feminine blush of pleasure at Manlakar's comment. He
felt his nipples tingle with rising arousal seemingly just from the sound
of that voice. The arousal grew swiftly even after the demon had ceased
talking, and it spread swiftly from flaming breasts to his dual genitals,
putting both into overdrive instantly.

     Manlakar was looking intently at Jamon's breasts and face, and thus
didn't notice the hefty tent in Jamon's loincloth. Something about that
gaze increased Jamon's arousal to unbearable heights - he *had* to do
something about it.

     He closed the distance separating him from Manlakar and pulled the
knot on the demon's robe's belt open. The robe gapped, and Jamon pushed
it off of the demon's shoulders, revealing the fact that the 'steward'
had been wearing nothing but the robe.

     Jamon stepped back to take a good look. He had seen naked men
before, and admired them too, but this time it was different. First of
all, Manlakar- Merhel-demon was the best looking man Jamon had ever seen.
In one word, HOT! Slim, sleek, somehow radiating strength despite his
slightness. His hair was dark, his eyes deep blue, and most of his body
was smooth and hairless - only around an impressive cock did the dark
hair appear below his neck.

     Formerly, when Jamon had looked at a man as a sex partner, somehow
the submission of his partner to his will mad him feel more manly. But
now, looking at Merhel, he had no feeling of being submitted to - rather,
he felt an overwhelming desire to submit, a desire that did overpower
him, driving him to his knees before the almost mesmerizing cock of the
demon. As he looked at the slowly stiffening rod, he wondered what it
would feel like entering his body. As he wondered, he felt both of his
openings begin to tingle with anticipation and need: he deeply wanted to
feel that cock inside him, and he intended to begin by sucking on it for
a good long time.

     Reaching out tentatively, he closed a hand about Merhel's cock. He
squeezed it rhythmically, causing it to quickly harden to its full
length. Once it was at maximum, his squeezing barely dented the silky
flesh, but its reaction (a throbbing of its own) indicated that Merhel
could still feel his hand's action.

     Jamon had sucked cock before - his male-male encounters had always
left his partner as satisfied as himself though he never let them fuck
him - so when he opened his mouth and inhaled Merhel's rod, his tongue
and throat were ready for the warm, silky, steely length. He took half
the cock in the first gulp, and let it rest there to get properly wet
before he began to push his face closer and closer to Merhel's pubic
bush. His throat was unused to the impressive length Merhel sported, but
it knew what to do, so eventually Jamon's nose was touching the skin
under Merhel's bush.

     And then, Jamon went to work. His hands darted rapidly around
Merhel's crotch and ass, stroking and caressing everything he could
reach. Meanwhile his mouth was busy with its morsel, licking and sucking,
biting lightly, scraping teeth slightly across skin, squeezing with
strong throat muscles, doing everything he could to make the disguised
demon cum.

     His efforts were rewarded as Merhel groaned and his cock pulsed out
wad after was of thick, salty cum. Jamon tried to take it in his mouth at
first, but Merhel just kept cumming and cumming and Jamon couldn't
swallow fast enough. So, he pushed back down the rod and let it shot
directly into his stomach. After what seemed like half an hour, Merhel's
cock stopped pulsing. Jamon pulled back off the cock, cleaning it as he
went. It was half limp but all clean when the head left Jamon's mouth.

     Merhel said, "My dear, you have an incredible mouth. Now, while I
gather more strength and get ready again, may I return the favor?"

     Jamon rose to his feet and walked over to his bed. He lay back with
his crotch (still satin-covered) near the edge. Merhel accepted the
invitation and positioned himself on his knees (cushioned by a pillow)
between Jamon's spread legs. He hooked his fingers in the top of Jamon's
loincloth, and began drawing it down. First revealed was a shock of very
white (and soft) pubic hair. Very shortly thereafter, the root of his
cock was revealed and Merhel stopped for a moment to stare. Then,
shrugging, he continued to remove the soft wisp of cloth, eventually
exposing the full (slightly less than rock-hard) length of Jamon's hefty
cock and his unique balls. When the cloth was removed from Jamon's
crotch, Merhel undid the knot holding the cloth together and unwrapped
it, leaving the length draped on the bed under Jamon's thighs. Without
the binding and with his spread legs, Jamon's next little secret was
revealed - his scrotum was separated to show the coral pink of his
vagina.

     Merhel straightened from his inspection of Jamon's crotch and looked
along Jamon's body, from the surprise femaleness between his balls and
underneath his cock to an impressive mounding of breasts (made more
impressive by the lack of effect gravity seemed to have on them even in
his prone position), to his feminine face and white flowing hair.
surprise and pleasure were in his face when he said, "So, my beautiful
guest and conquest is much more than she seems. I wonder what magics your
parents dabbled with to produce you? Or, maybe a curse? Well, we shall
have much time to talk about it later ... much later. Now, let me sample
the multiple pleasures your beautiful body offers. You will be a truly
unique gem in my collection ..." His voice trailed away at the end so
that Jamon barely caught the part after 'gem'. When the demon was
finished gushing, he settled back down over Jamon's now fully erect cock,
opened his mouth, and swallowed it.

     Merhel's mouth was even more educated that Jamon's, indicating far
more experience. For a while, the demon just concentrated on Jamon's
cock, but eventually he remembered the other half of Jamon's sex and sent
first fingers, then tongue deep within his vagina. Swiftly getting the
hang of keeping both organs stimulated at the same time, he applied his
talents in keeping Jamon on the brink of a crashing double orgasm for
what seemed like a thousand years. When the final push was made, Jamon
came with both organs, spurting quarts of semen and oozing gallons of
woman-cum, and the force was so great that he blacked out for several
minutes.

     When he awoke, he found that he had been repositioned on the bed and
that Merhel was mounted above him, cock in his pussy and pumping slowly,
sensuously, and incredibly erotically. As soon as he sorted himself out
after his little 'nap', he registered the building sensations coming from
his groin, and had to cum almost immediately which didn't set the
pleasure back at all.

     Merhel was even better with his cock than with his mouth. Jamon had
never felt anything like this before - the dildo wielded by Arra was
fine, but this was magnitudes better. It was more than the friction -
feeling a real penis moving in and out of him, the warmth, the slight
malleability, the animation ... it was definitely a case of the whole
being greater than the sum of the parts!

     Once he realized that Jamon had recovered, Merhel's hands began to
rove, while his hips gradually picked up speed. They caressed Jamon's
body, paying special attention to his breasts and cock, which had been
wrapped in his loincloth. Merhel played his body like an instrument,
increasing the pleasure in every part of his body little by little until
again he exploded, almost, it seemed, literally. When he came around this
time, it felt like he had been asleep for a short while, not must a few
minutes. Though he still felt slightly tingly all over from the ecstasy
of that last orgasm, he was completely recovered from it.

     He again found himself engaged in sex that had begun while he was
unconscious. Merhel was sucking his cock again, and as his attention
turned to the wet and slippery feelings being generated, it inflated the
last inch or so to full hardness.

     Merhel was paying attention, waiting for Jamon to recover. When he
did, the demon stopped sucking and said, "I don't often get the urge to
do this, but you are just too special not to use you to your fullest
potential. I want you to fuck my ass, my lovely man-woman."

     Jamon was almost too pleasure-blown to realize that this was his
chance. He was first rather surprised and pleased that the demon would
want to take on such a 'submissive' role. Then, the opportunity revealed
itself and he rolled off the bed and fished out the special jar from the
sideboard. When he turned back to the bed, he saw that Merhel had
positioned himself on arms and knees, a few pillows bracing his chest to
relieve strain on his arms.

     Jamon returned to the bed, already rubbing a glob of lube on his own
cock. He climbed up between Merhel's legs and took another glob of the
slippery gel and daubed it right over Merhel's asshole. This activity was
almost normal to Jamon, considering the past weeks with Arra. Merhel's
ass wasn't that different from his employer-mage's nether end - and he
really knew what to do in this situation.

     His hands stopped their activity when Merhel's rear access was ready
- he didn't even half to think about it. Then, he moved in closer, got a
grip on the demon's hips, aimed himself handless, and pressed slowly
until the head of his cock was within Merhel's asshole. He paused then to
gauge the readiness of the passage.

     But Merhel beat him to it. Once it was obvious that Jamon was fully
seated, Merhel pushed back rapidly, gobbling up Jamon's cock with his
asshole until cheeks met groin.

     Thereafter, Jamon had to really work to do any of the fucking.
Merhel was wild with a cock up his ass - he tried to do all the moving.
Jamon, after fighting and working to get into a rhythm that would allow
both of them to do the moving, finally gave up and let Merhel do the
rocking while he took up the slightly easier task of making sure his cock
stayed in Merhel's ass through the demon's gyrations.

     Once he settled down and ceased concentrating so hard on the
mechanics of fucking, he began to feel Merhel's ass on his cock - and it
was magnitudes better than fucking Arra had ever been. She had been a
receptacle - Merhel was a partner. It wasn't Arra's fault of course, but
Jamon was still amazed at the difference. And due to this difference it
didn't take Jamon long to cum drainingly, leaving himself limp and spent.

     Merhel wasn't fazed. He extracted himself from under Jamon, got more
of the lube, and began to grease up his cock and Jamon's ass.

     Jamon had already noted the difference between live cock and dildo -
he was soon convinced that the comparison held up when applied to the
asshole. Merhel was as masterful at the art of ass-fucking as he was at
all other forms of sex, and Jamon was soon writing in ecstasy at being
filled by the demon's cock again and again and again. The lube was very
efficient and felt heavenly as it decreased the friction between his ass
and Merhel's cock just enough to make the event possible and still very
enjoyable.

     Merhel was able to last for a very long time. Jamon was brought to
many internal orgasms, not one of which produced any reaction at all in
his cock, though he nearly passed out more than once along the way.

     When the demon was finally ready to cum, he began to stroke Jamon's
cock as well so that a triple orgasm finished out the session. Jamon's
double share of that orgasm - from his cock and in his ass - drove
consciousness from his body with ecstasy. Merhel slipped out without
Jamon noticing.

                                  *

     Next morning, Jamon approached consciousness slowly and with vague
discomfort. He felt as if he had been drinking for a week, except the
hangover was all over his body.

     He worked himself up to crawling out of bed and staggered over to
the washstand. Light was streaming in the window as he poured water into
the bowl and laved water over his face. Drying off but feeling no better,
he went over to the wardrobe to find something to wear. But he never got
that far because of the mirror on the door of the wardrobe and what he
saw in it.

     After staring for several minutes, he called out, "Arra!!"

     Instants later, the woman was in the room. She said, "What..." and
then saw what was the matter. She stared at Jamon in stunned silence,
amazed and confused by the change in his appearance.

     For, overnight Jamon *had* changed. He was even more feminine now -
a softer, more female face; longer, more lustrous hair; much fuller
breasts; arms, legs, and waist slimmer and sleeker; hips and ass wider
and more flared. Oddly enough, his cock had lengthened by an inch - a
change seemingly opposed to the rest of the alterations he had undergone.

     Suddenly wondering, Jamon flexed his arm and felt his bicep. It was
as hard as before - apparently only the shell was changing, leaving the
swords- 'person' underneath.

     Jamon turned away from the mirror and said, "What's happened, Arra?
Why did I change again last night?"

     Arra said, "I don't ... ah, wait ... It might be ..." She closed her
eyes and passed her hand down his body. She frowned slightly and did it
again. Opening her eyes, she called out, "Helleara, come here please."

     The crone-child appeared and Arra said, "Could you check Jamon for
agents, please?"

     Helleara copied Arra's earlier movements and said, "It's still
there. It wasn't supposed to still be active, but the original spell is
still there. Maybe it couldn't just to the job and quit - this isn't a
natural form, after all." She closed her eyes again for a moment, then
continued, "Yep, that's it. The spell that made you the way you are now,
Jamon, is still active, keeping you in balance and functioning. And,
since we used ekrode in the original casting, when the new agent was
added last night, the spell kicked in again and further feminized your
body. Never would have imagined that the degree of femininity, or
perhaps, pulchritude, would have depended on the dosage of ekrode, though
..."

     Jamon followed the explanation well enough to realize what it meant.
"Wait! Are you saying that if I manage to tryst with Lhisan according to
the plan and manage to use the ekrode on her that I will get even more -
well, rounded?"

     Arra said, "Yes. Unavoidable, and unforeseen. It'll be fully
reversible, naturally, don't worry. Of course, you don't have to ..."

     Jamon narrowed his eyes, then sighed and said, "Okay, okay. I'll
keep to the plan. Could you fix my clothes and stuff? I don't expect
Lhisan to accost me in the middle of the day, so I'll need something to
wear until tonight ... "

                                  *

     As it turned out, Jamon was wrong about Lhisan. About an hour after
a page (wearing a black star neckband) had delivered bread, meat, cheese,
and wine to the suite for lunch, another black-starred and therefore
controlled page arrived with a message that Manlakar wished to see Arra
and the child, but not Jamon. The two of them left, leaving Jamon alone.

     He was sitting in his room trying to read a book when he felt hands
on his shoulders, starting to knead them lightly. He gasped and turned
around to find himself face to face with Lhisan.

     The demoness said, "My uncle tells me some interesting things about
you, dear. They were so fantastic that I couldn't just take his word for
them, though. So, I came to see for myself."

     Jamon found himself enthralled by Lhisan's gaze. The demoness backed
up a step and Jamon involuntarily stood and followed. Still staring into
those captivating eyes, he began to undress, with occasional help from
Lhisan. In little time he was naked, and Lhisan said, "My, my, but uncle
wasn't completely honest in describing your charms. What sweet, ripe
breasts. What full hips. And, what an absolutely gorgeous cock! But,
uncle told me about that other surprise you have underneath it. Let me
see ..."

     She knelt in front of him and took his cock in her hand. After
spending a moment stroking it, she lifted it up and pressed it against
his belly. With her free hand, she gently cupped his balls and slipped
her middle finger into the split between them. It was warm and wet in
there, and both Jamon and Lhisan got excited by her probing. She shifted
the balls as far apart as she could get them in her palm and wiggled her
finger as far in as she could get it, causing Jamon's cock to quiver and
his knees to buckle a bit.

     She extracted her finger and put it in her mouth. "Ummm, tastes very
different - almost masculine. I like it." She stood up and untied her
robe, letting it fall from her shoulders. As naked as Jamon, she led the
stunned 'man' to his bed and pushed him down on it. Spreading his legs as
wide as they would go she began to eat Jamon out.

     The demoness was a demoness at cunnilingus - better even than her
'uncle'. Her tongue was amazing - it was as long as his cock, but far
more agile of course, so it could probe around his cunt, touching strange
places and making him feel interesting things.

     Lhisan proceeded to eat him for almost an hour, driving him to peak
after peak and eventually into orgasmic black out. When he returned to
the waking world (with some help from Lhisan's fingers and tongue), she
said, "Fuck me in the ass, she-stud. Uncle said you were particularly
talented at that." Jamon got out the spiked lube, not even marveling that
his opportunity had been handed to him so easily. He hesitantly began to
lube up his cock, worried about what it would do to him. Finally, he
decided to just do it, and deal with the consequences later when the job
was done. He was as erotic as he could be in lubing her ass, and then he
put his all into fucking her ass.

     She had a very responsive ass and Jamon got much pleasure from
fucking her. He made sure that she orgasmed several times before
releasing his own load. When he came, it was deeper and more draining
than he could ever remember an orgasm being.

     He didn't quite black out, but he felt a little light headed as he
rested for a moment. Meanwhile, Lhisan was rummaging in the drawer that
had held the lube and found the dildo. She smiled evilly and brought it
over. Scooping up a bit of the lube and began to fuck Jamon's cunt with
it. Not only did it make Jamon orgasm several more times, but it got his
cock hard again.

     When it was stiff and straight again, Lhisan left the dildo lodged
in his cunt and then mounted his cock. Moving at her own pace, she used
his cock like a living dildo, fucking herself with no help from Jamon
save in providing the stiff organ. When he finally climaxed (after
lasting through several orgasms of hers), he blacked out again, though
this time it wasn't just pleasure that robbed him of his senses.

                             *

     He awoke several hours later, feeling strange again. He looked in
the mirror and found that he had, in fact, changed again. First, his
overall measurements hadn't changed much, but they had been refined - he
was now even more stunningly beautiful than before. His face was thinner
and prettier, his hair was longer and glossier - things like that. His
cock had grown again, too. But the more startling change was in his age -
he now looked roughly 5 years younger than he had that morning!

     He put on a robe that was absolutely no good for preserving modesty
and went into the outer room. Arra and Helleara were there chatting in
quiet tones. The pseudo-child noticed Jamon first and gasped. Arra turned
and stared too, causing Jamon to blush a bit. Then he said, "The other
demon came into my room after lunch, while you were with Merhel. She has
been dosed with the ekrode now."

     "And I see that you got some too, as well as some other kind of
magic," said Arra. "Perhaps it is fortunate that both demons are now
primed for our magic as you seem somewhat susceptible to theirs ..."

     Helleara said, "Be that as it may, we have an enchantment to weave.
Jamon, go get armored - you will be a secondary barrier and protection
while we cast our spells. We will prepare the room in your absence."

     It was strange putting armor on his new body - stranger even than
the fact that it still fit, thanks to the way that Arra had magiced it to
shift its shape to his current form rather than requiring a new spell
each time he changed. Binding his newly ultra-feminine body into a rigid
form of leather and metal only served to accentuate his new curves, his
totally new shape. His armored ride to the border of Breslar had not
prepared him for this, though he wasn't really sure why the figure he
faced in the mirror bothered him. He posed, flexed, did some practice
katas, and found himself getting aroused by what the mirror showed him -
an incredibly gorgeous woman wielding a sword with incredible skill. It
was erotic in an odd way, and he found that he had to stop and loosen his
loinguard before he injured himself. As soon as he was again in a
condition to, he refastened his armor and returned to Arra and Helleara.

     Jamon had no idea what the things the two sorcerers had done to the
other room were for - the sigils and runes on the wall and floor, the
glowing groups of lines in no pattern or form he could discern, the small
pots of smoking coals, the oddly shaped candles at various points around
the room. But it all had a powerful air about it.

     Arra said, "We have warded the room from most magics, but it would
take too much time and far too much power to ward against physical
intrusion. That's where you come in, Jamon. The demons will feel what we
are doing to them, and it stands to reason that they will do whatever it
takes to stop us. Their magic will be nullified, but they can send people
in. Try not to hurt any such people - they will be acting under the
control of the demons, not their own will." She took a deep breath,
looked around, and said, "Okay. Ready?"

     Jamon nodded. Helleara and Arra said, "Good," together and each
settled into the center of a crosshatch of lines which began to pulsate
in time to the chant they began.

     Jamon faced the door to the suite, sword at the ready. The chanting
behind him continued on and on for a long time before anything in the
room changed. Then, there was a sizzle and a part of the south wall
flared orange for a moment before slowly fading back to normal. The
frequency and duration of such flares (external probes by the demons?)
increased for a time, then got further apart but more powerful and
concerted. But nothing got through save the light.

     Then, the physical assault began. At first, it was conjured beasts,
first presented as shapes that sizzled against the wards in the walls,
then momentarily present in the room as they fought through one of the
wards on the door only to be destroyed by the more powerful ones just
inside of it.

     As he watched the glowing shapes sparkle in rainbow colors all
around him, he noticed a strange tingling begin in the core of his body.
It wasn't unpleasant, just irritating in a minor way, and he wondered
what its cause was.

     Then, the first child screamed his way through the wards on the door
and hurled himself at the chanting women. Jamon's response was
instinctive - his sword moved, and the child fell, bleeding.

     Realizing that he needed to concentrate to prevent any more serious
injuries (he hoped his first victim wasn't death-wounded), Jamon strove
to ignore the growing tingling within him. He began to defend the room
bloodlessly from the child-slaves sent by the demons. But the tingling
increased, and then began to localize in his breasts and groin. As he
fought, he had to strive harder and harder to put aside the tingling in
his nipples, and the wet warmth within his cunt. His cock wasn't
responding at all, at least not by becoming hard, though he could feel
the tingling within it.

     The distraction was nearing the limits he could bear, and Jamon was
just about to collapse when there was a shrieking that he felt in his
bones that seemed to last an eternity. Before it faded, he felt the
tingling in his erogenous zones peak, causing him to orgasm and then
black out.

                                  *

     He woke up to the feeling of a damp cloth being delicately stroked
across his brow. He looked up and saw Arra sitting on the edge of the bed
he seemed to be lying on. He had a sense of a long time having passed -
he felt slightly achy, and he wasn't wearing his armor any more, though
he hadn't been dressed in anything to replace it, so was wearing only the
brief cloth wrappings he usually wore under it. He rose slowly to his
elbows and asked, "Did it work?"

     Arra smiled and said, "Yes, Jamon - the demons are gone. Much has
been done while you were asleep - its been almost 4 days since the
banishment. We first removed the neck bands from all of the captives
here, restoring their minds. Ever since, we've been slowly undoing the
magic that caused them all to become children, though we cannot
completely reverse the changes. The Duke was one of the first to identify
himself to us once the neck bands had been removed - we restored him as
best we could, and he has granted us half of the treasury as a reward.

     "We've also had time to remove the spells from each of us, but ..."

     Jamon had noticed that he was still very feminine, and he said, "But
what about ...?"

     An older but very handsome woman came up behind Arra and said, "It
was the ekrode, Jamon. It was a side effect both of our casting, and of
the demons' last effort to stay. Both things managed to stabilize this as
your normal form. We could, with a great deal of effort, restore you to
your former self, but it wouldn't be a permanent change - it would
require booster spells and special potions at frequent intervals. We
wanted to ask you before forcing such a thing on you."

     Jamon sat up fully and turned away from the women. His hands went to
his crotch nonchalantly but with panicked purpose. He controlled the sigh
that wanted to escape as he felt his cock there beneath the loincloth.
Then, curious, he probed deeper and found that his cunt was still there
too. And, his breasts couldn't have been missed.

     He considered for only the briefest moment, then said, "Well, I
guess this is my reward. I've gotten used to it - I think I'll keep it.
Thanks anyway."

     Helleara (the once again older woman) said, "No problem. Good
working with you, Jamon." He heard footsteps and the door closing, and
slid off the other side of the bed to stand and remove his underthings.
He felt a hand help with his breastband and turned to find Arra, nude,
behind him. She smiled and slipped her hand between her thighs. Jamon
smiled when he saw her fingers slip into herself. She said, "I've been
waiting a long time to feel your cock in my cunt, you she-stud. Oh, and
by the way, I'm glad you like your new body - I *love* it! Come here and
let me make that cock small again."

     Jamon was out of his loincloth and on top of Arra almost too fast to
see. He reflected, as he felt his cock sink into the cunt of his love,
that he was glad he had accepted the job to reclaim Breslar.

FIN
